0001821268-22-000019.txt : 20220106 0001821268-22-000019.hdr.sgml : 20220106 20220106134946
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001821268-22-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	N-CSR
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220106
EFFECTIVENESS DATE:		20220106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001793129
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		N-CSR
		SEC ACT:		1940 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	811-23489
		FILM NUMBER:		22514389

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 WEST WACKER DR.
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-917-8146

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 WEST WACKER DR.
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606 N-CSR 1 ndmo.htm NDMO UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-CSR CERTIFIED SHAREHOLDER REPORT OF REGISTERED MANAGEMENT INVESTMENT COMPANIES Investment Company Act file number 811-23489 Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) Nuveen Investments 333 West Wacker Drive Chicago, IL 60606 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Mark L. Winget Nuveen Investments 333 West Wacker Drive Chicago, IL 60606 (Name and address of agent for service) Registrant’s telephone number, including area
code: (312) 917-7700 Date of fiscal year end: Date: October 31 Date of reporting period: October 31, 2021 Form N-CSR is to be used by management investment companies to file reports
with the Commission not later than 10 days after the transmission to stockholders of any report that is required to be transmitted to
stockholders under Rule 30e-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (17 CFR 270.30e-1). The Commission may use the information provided
on Form N-CSR in its regulatory, disclosure review, inspection, and policymaking roles. A registrant is required to disclose the information specified by Form N-CSR,
and the Commission will make this information public. A registrant is not required to respond to the collection of information contained
in Form N-CSR unless the Form displays a currently valid Office of Management and Budget (“OMB”) control number. Please direct
comments concerning the accuracy of the information collection burden estimate and any suggestions for reducing the burden to Secretary,
Securities and Exchange Commission, 450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20549-0609. The OMB has reviewed this collection of information
under the clearance requirements of 44 U.S.C. ss. 3507. ITEM 1. REPORTS TO STOCKHOLDERS. Life is Complex. Nuveen makes things e-simple. It only takes a minute to sign up for e-Reports. Once enrolled,
you’ll receive an e-mail as soon as your Nuveen Fund information is ready—no more waiting for delivery by regular mail. Just
click on the link within the e-mail to see the report and save it on your computer if you wish. Free
e-Reports right to your e-mail! www.investordelivery.com If you receive your Nuveen Fund dividends and statements from your financial professional or brokerage account. or www.nuveen.com/client-access If you receive your Nuveen Fund dividends and statements directly from Nuveen. NOT FDIC INSURED MAY LOSE VALUE NO BANK GUARANTEE Table of Contents Important Notices 4 Chair’s Letter to Shareholders 5 Portfolio Managers’ Comments 6 Fund Leverage 12 Common Share Information 14 Performance Overview and Holding Summaries 18 Shareholder Meeting Report 28 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 30 Portfolios of Investments 31 Statement of Assets and Liabilities 172 Statement of Operations 173 Statement of Changes in Net Assets 174 Statement of Cash Flows 177 Financial Highlights 180 Notes to Financial Statements 188 Shareholder Update 205 Additional Fund Information 237 Glossary of Terms Used in this Report 238 Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process 240 Board Members & Officers 260 3 Table of Contents Important Notices For Shareholders of Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund (NZF) Fund Reorganization After the end of the reporting period, during December 2021, NZF’s
Board of Trustees approved a proposal that, if approved by Shareholders and if other customary closing conditions are met, would result
in the reorganization of Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Value Fund (NEV) into NZF (the “Reorganization”). More details about the
Fund’s Reorganization is available on www.nuveen.com/cef. 4 Table of Contents Chair’s Letter to Shareholders Dear Shareholders, In 2021, we have seen a nearly full recovery in the economy and
began to approach more normalcy in our daily lives, enabled by unprecedented help from governments and central banks and the development
of effective COVID-19 vaccines and therapies. However, the newly discovered omicron variant is a reminder that pandemic risks are still
with us, which has created uncertainty about the economic outlook in the coming year and contributed to recent short-term volatility in
the markets. As some factors that drove 2021’s rebound fade and the pandemic
continues to pose some downside risk, global economic growth is expected to be slower but remain expansionary. In the U.S., the Federal
Reserve has begun winding down its pandemic bond buying program and could begin raising short-term interest rates in 2022. The crisis-related
fiscal stimulus totaling $5.3 trillion to support individuals and families, small and large businesses, state and local governments, education,
public health and vaccinations will also phase out. Government spending will be lower from here but should continue to aid the global
recovery in the coming year. In the U.S., the $1.2 trillion Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act recently went into effect on November
15, 2021, funding upgrades to road, rail and air transportation, broadband internet, and power and water systems. Europe, Japan and China
are also expected to roll out additional fiscal support in 2022. Investors will continue to closely monitor inflation. The spread
of the COVID-19 delta variant in 2021 exacerbated shortages of raw materials and labor and disrupted transportation and logistics, which
contributed to inflation staying elevated for longer than expected. This prompted some central banks to begin withdrawing monetary stimulus
measures and others to raise interest rates. The timing of monetary policy normalization will be a key focus in the markets, as will the
progression of the virus, which can be difficult to predict given uneven vaccination rates around the world and the potential for new
variants. We anticipate periodic volatility as markets digest incoming data
on economic activity levels, inflation, interest rates and COVID-19, as well as their impacts to consumer behavior and corporate profits.
Short-term market fluctuations can provide your Fund opportunities to invest in new ideas as well as upgrade existing positioning while
providing long-term value for shareholders. For more than 120 years, the careful consideration of risk and reward has guided Nuveen’s
focus on delivering long-term results to our shareholders. As the global economy shifts from the fast recovery phase to a new
phase of expansion potentially impacted by inflations and new COVID strains, it may be an opportune time to assess your portfolio. We
encourage you to review your time horizon, risk tolerance and investment goals with your financial professional. On behalf of the other members of the Nuveen Fund Board, I look
forward to continuing to earn your trust in the months and years ahead. Sincerely, Terence
J. Toth Chair of the Board December 22, 2021 5 Table of Contents Portfolio Managers’ Comments Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund (NVG) Nuveen Municipal
Credit Income Fund (NZF) Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund (NMZ) Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund (NMCO) Nuveen
Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (NDMO) These Funds feature portfolio management by Nuveen Asset Management,
LLC (NAM), an affiliate of Nuveen, LLC, the Funds' investment adviser. Portfolio managers include John V. Miller, CFA, Steve M. Hlavin,
Paul L. Brennan, CFA, Scott R. Romans, PhD, and Timothy T. Ryan, CFA. Paul has managed NVG since 2006, Scott assumed portfolio management
responsibility for NZF in 2016, John has managed NMZ since its inception in 2003, John and Steve have managed NMCO since its inception
in 2019 and John and Tim have managed NDMO since its inception in 2020. Here the portfolio management team discusses U.S. economic and
municipal market conditions, key investment strategies and the Funds’ performance for the twelve-month reporting period ended October
31, 2021. For more information on the Funds’ investment objectives and policies, please refer to the Shareholder Update section
at the end of the report. What factors affected the U.S. economy and financial markets
during the twelve-month reporting period ended October 31, 2021? Supported by massive fiscal and monetary stimulus and economic reopening,
the U.S. economy rebounded more quickly than expected from the deep downturn caused by the COVID-19 crisis and containment measures. The
federal government’s relief measures have totaled approximately $5.3 trillion across six aid packages, which included direct payments
to individuals and families, expanded unemployment insurance, loans to large and small businesses, funding for hospitals and health agencies,
state and local governments, education and public health/vaccinations. Additionally, while not technically a pandemic spending measure,
the $1.2 trillion Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act that funds improvements to roads/bridges, broadband internet, airports and ports,
and water and power systems was signed into law after the close of this reporting period on November 15, 2021. The U.S. Federal Reserve
(Fed) has maintained short-term interest rates near zero and enacted credit facilities to help keep the financial system stable, lowering
borrowing costs for businesses and individuals. By the start of this reporting period, markets had largely stabilized
from the initial shock of the health crisis. To recap, in March 2020, equity and commodity markets sold off and safe-haven assets rallied
as countries initiated quarantines, restricted travel and This material is not intended to be a recommendation or investment
advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy, sell or hold a security or an investment strategy and is not provided in a fiduciary
capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or
suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and
in consultation with his or her advisors. Certain statements in this report are forward-looking statements.
Discussions of specific investments are for illustration only and are not intended as recommendations of individual investments. The forward-looking
statements and other views expressed herein are those of the portfolio managers as of the date of this report. Actual future results or
occurrences may differ significantly from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, and the views expressed herein are subject
to change at any time, due to numerous market and other factors. The Funds disclaim any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking
statements or views expressed herein. The ratings disclosed are the lowest rating given by one of the
following national rating agencies: Standard & Poor’s Group (S&P), Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s)
or Fitch, Inc. (Fitch). Credit ratings are subject to change. AAA, AA, A and BBB are investment grade ratings, while BB, B, CCC, CC, C
and D are below investment grade ratings. Holdings designated N/R are not rated by these national rating agencies. Bond insurance guarantees only the payment of principal and interest
on the bond when due, and not the value of the bonds themselves, which will fluctuate with the bond market and the financial success of
the issuer and the insurer. Insurance relates specifically to the bonds in the portfolio and not to the share prices of a Fund. No representation
is made as to the insurers’ ability to meet their commitments. Refer to the Glossary of Terms Used in this Report for further
definition of the terms used within this section. 6 Table of Contents shuttered factories and businesses, while an ill-timed oil price
war between the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC member Russia further amplified oil price volatility.
In late 2020, the announcement of high efficacy rates in several COVID 19 vaccine trials, followed by regulatory authorizations and public
vaccination drives across Western countries, improved the outlook for 2021, which contributed to risk-on sentiment in the markets. The
positive sentiment was realized during the first half of 2021 as U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) expanded at an annualized rate of 6.3%
in the first quarter of 2021 and 6.7% in the second quarter of 2021. However, economic growth slowed considerably in the third quarter
of 2021 to a 2.1% annualized rate, dampened by the spread of the COVID-19 delta variant and constricted supply chains, according to the
“second” estimate released by the Bureau of Economic Analysis. Although supply bottlenecks, labor shortages and higher inflation
have weighed on economic growth in the short term, consumer demand remains strong. Given the U.S. economy’s progress, the Fed began
signaling a timeline for tapering pandemic monetary support by reducing its monthly bond purchases (which was initially announced at the
November 2021 policy meeting, after the close of this reporting period), as well as suggested interest rate normalization that could start
later in 2022. In addition to monetary policy tightening, markets remained concerned about the political gridlock over raising the debt
ceiling – the amount the U.S. is allowed to borrow. (After the close of this reporting period, the government approved a $2.5 trillion
increase to the debt limit, averting a default at the end of 2021.) Although U.S. Treasury yields moved higher in the twelve-month reporting
period, most notably in 10-year maturities, municipal yields at the long end of the yield curve were broadly unchanged. While a rising
rate environment would typically signal a more challenging environment for municipal bonds, the improving fundamental credit backdrop
and favorable supply-demand dynamics helped the municipal market stay resilient. Economic reopening and vaccine distribution bolstered
investor confidence while the revenue recovery for many municipal issuers was V-shaped and strong. Additionally, the American Rescue Plan
Act signed into law in March 2021 provided federal aid to the already improving financial positions of state and local governments. Credit
ratings agencies upgraded their outlooks for most municipal sectors from negative to stable, and individual credit upgrades exceeded downgrades
by a 2-to-1 margin in this reporting period. Overall, default risk stayed notably moderate. Supply issuance in 2021 year-to-date remained
on pace with 2020’s record volume, with a significant, albeit moderating, proportion of issuance in taxable municipals and refunding
deals. Demand also stayed strong, with consistently positive inflows that further supported credit spread narrowing and municipal bond
performance. Municipal bonds generally performed well in the twelve-month reporting
period. Municipal yields increased across the short to intermediate maturity range while remaining nearly unchanged at the long end, leading
to the outperformance of longer maturity municipal bonds. Credit spreads tightened significantly as the economic recovery progressed and
demand remained strong for credits offering higher yields. Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund (NVG) & Nuveen
Municipal Credit Income Fund (NZF) What key strategies were used to manage the Funds during the twelve-month reporting period ended October
31, 2021? NVG’s investment objectives are to provide current income
exempt from regular federal income tax and to enhance portfolio value relative to the municipal bond market. The Fund invests in tax-exempt
municipal bonds that the portfolio management team believes are underrated or undervalued or that represent municipal market sectors that
are undervalued, and uses leverage. The Fund continued to take a bottom-up approach to discovering sectors that appeared undervalued as
well as individual credits that the portfolio management team believed had the potential to perform well over the long term. NVG’s trading activity continued to focus on pursuing its
investment objectives. NVG’s portfolio positioning remained stable. The Fund used the cash flows from called and maturing bonds
and coupon income, as well as some tactical selling of bonds from vari- 7 Table of Contents Portfolio Managers’ Comments (continued) ous sectors, to reinvest mainly into long maturity bonds across
a diverse group of sectors. While NVG made some sizeable purchases in AA rated credits, the Fund also found opportunities to add to lower
rated investment grade and high yield bonds. High grade purchases included tax supported, single- and multi-family housing, health care,
transportation, and utility bonds. NVG added lower rated investment grade and below investment grade bonds, which included Puerto Rico
Aqueduct and Sewer (PRASA), Puerto Rico Sales Tax Revenue (COFINA), New Jersey state debt, Energy Harbor senior debt, and New York Metropolitan
Transit Authority (MTA). Bond calls and maturities from NVG’s portfolio during the reporting period were mainly pre-refunded bonds,
with some tactical selling across various sectors. NZF’s investment objective is to provide current income exempt
from regular federal income tax. The Fund invests in an actively managed portfolio of tax-exempt municipal securities, and uses leverage.
The Fund continued to take a bottom-up approach to discovering sectors that appeared undervalued as well as individual credits that the
portfolio management team believed had the potential to perform well over the long term. NZF’s trading activity continued to focus on pursuing its
investment objectives. NZF’s purchases were primarily driven by incoming cash from called and maturing bonds and, when needed, selling
some very short dated pre-refunded bonds to make opportunistic investments. The Fund focused on buying maturities of 20 years and longer
in 4% and 5% coupon structures, with some additions of 3% coupon bonds toward the end of the reporting period. Management sought opportunities
to add mid-grade and lower rated bonds trading at attractive relative valuations, such as A rated health care and toll roads and below
investment grade issues for Puerto Rico (PRASA and COFINA), Florida high-speed passenger train Brightline, and selected health care names. As of October 31, 2021, both Funds continued to use inverse floating
rate securities. The Funds employ inverse floaters for a variety of reasons, including duration management and income and total return
enhancement. How did the Funds perform during the twelve-month reporting period
ended October 31, 2021? For the twelve months ended October 31, 2021, NVG and NZF outperformed
the NVG and NZF Blended Benchmark, which is composed of 60% S&P Municipal Bond Investment Grade Index and 40% S&P Municipal Bond
High Yield Index. For the purposes of this Performance Commentary, references to relative performance are in comparison to the NVG and
NZF Blended Benchmark. The main factors contributing to the outperformance of the portfolios
during this reporting period were yield curve and duration positioning, credit quality allocation and individual credit selection. During
the reporting period, longer duration bonds generally outperformed. The portfolios remained favorably positioned for this environment,
with longer durations than their benchmark. The portfolios were well positioned from a credit quality standpoint as well, with overweights
to lower rated investment grade and high yield credits, which generally outperformed, and underweights to the highest credit quality bonds,
which generally lagged relative to the broad market. Individual credit selection was a positive driver of relative performance
for both portfolios. One of the top contributors was Energy Harbor common stock. The stock price appreciated on several tailwinds, namely,
strong demand for energy generation as the economy reopened, rising electricity prices, and U.S. and global governments’ focus on
low carbon energy sources like nuclear power, as well as the company’s increasing distance from the bankruptcy of its parent company.
For NVG’s portfolio, other strong contributors to relative performance included positions in tax supported debt for the state of
Illinois, Chicago Board of Education, Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority McCormick Place, state of New Jersey, Puerto Rico sales
tax revenue bonds (COFINA), New Jersey retail and entertainment complex American Dream and Birmingham Civic Center, all of which were
supported by revenue recoveries in the economic reopening, credit outlook upgrades and improved investor confidence. Similarly, NZF’s
portfolio benefited from its positions in tax supported debt for the state of Illinois and the state of New Jersey, along with its positions
in 8 Table of Contents Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority McCormick Place and Brightline
Trains. Brightline’s prospects continued to improve with the ongoing construction of its Orlando route and planned extension to
Disney World, new contracts for commuter rail in Miami-Dade and Broward Counties, and the full-service reopening of its Miami, Fort Lauderdale
and West Palm Beach stations in early November 2021 (after the close of this reporting period). Partially offsetting the outperformance of NVG’s portfolio
was sector positioning, primarily driven by an overweight to the pre-refunded sector, which lagged, and a slight underweight to the strong
performing mass transit subsector. The portfolio’s underweight to the industrial development revenue (IDR) sector also detracted
from relative performance as the sector outperformed during the reporting period. At the same time, sector allocations in NZF’s
portfolio were a very modest contributor to relative performance. Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund (NMZ) What key strategies were used to manage the Funds during the
twelve-month reporting period ended October 31, 2021? The Fund’s primary investment objective is to provide high
current income exempt from regular federal income tax. Its secondary investment objective is to seek attractive total return consistent
with its primary objective. NMZ invests in an actively managed portfolio of tax-exempt municipal securities, and uses leverage. The Fund
continued to take a bottom-up approach to discovering sectors that appeared undervalued as well as individual credits that the portfolio
management team believed had the potential to perform well over the long term. Trading activity continued to focus on pursuing the Fund’s
investment objectives. NMZ reinvested the proceeds from called and maturing bonds as well as capital raised from a shelf offering during
the reporting period. There were no active sales of positions. NMZ added to some of its longstanding positions in land-secured bonds and
charter schools, which offered several attractively priced new issues. The Fund also added to positions in Brightline and Puerto Rico
Electric Power Authority (PREPA). The senior living sector, which was among the hardest hit and slowest to recover sectors, began to show
more attractive long-term risk-reward prospects. NMZ very selectively bought small positions in a Westchester County senior living project
in Purchase, New York, and Sanctuary Long-Term Care, a portfolio of senior living projects in Texas. As of October 31, 2021, the Fund continued to use inverse floating
rate securities. The Fund employed inverse floaters for a variety of reasons, including duration management and income and total return
enhancement. How did the Fund perform during the twelve-month reporting period
ended October 31, 2021? For the twelve months ended October 31, 2021, NMZ outperformed the
S&P Municipal Yield Index. For the purposes of this Performance Commentary, references to relative performance are in comparison to
the S&P Municipal Yield Index. NMZ’s portfolio benefited from its overweight to below investment
grade and non-rated bonds. At the same time, individual credit selection was the largest driver of relative performance. Some of the portfolio’s
largest positions were strong outperformers in this reporting period, including Energy Harbor common stock, Brightline Trains, American
Dream, Buckeye Tobacco and Puerto Rico Sales Tax Revenue Bonds (COFINA). Energy Harbor’s stock price appreciated on several tailwinds,
namely, strong demand for energy generation as the economy reopened, rising electricity prices, and U.S. and global governments’
focus on low carbon energy sources like nuclear power, as well as the company’s increasing distance from the bankruptcy of its parent
company. Brightline’s prospects continued to improve with the ongoing construction of its Orlando route and planned extension to
Disney World, new contracts for commuter rail in Miami-Dade and Broward Counties, and the full-service reopening of its Miami, Fort Lauderdale
and West Palm Beach stations in early November 2021 (after the close of this reporting period). American Dream has 9 Table of Contents Portfolio Managers’ Comments (continued) benefited from stores reopening, the strong consumer spending rebound
and people seeking more normalcy as restrictions have eased. Buckeye Tobacco and COFINA also performed well, as large, well-known high
yield benchmark names such as these generally do well when the market rises. There were few detractors in NMZ’s portfolio during the reporting
period. However, proton therapy bonds had a small negative impact as they have continued to lag the broader recovery despite some marginal
improvement towards the end of the reporting period. This small sector in the municipal bond universe had been underperforming prior to
the health crisis, and upon its outset the underperformance accelerated from diminishing demand as patients postponed testing and delayed
treatment at proton therapy treatment facilities. The Fund continued to hold these positions on the view that they can add incremental
value over time. Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund (NMCO) What key strategies were used to manage the Funds during the
twelve-month reporting period ended October 31, 2021? The Fund’s primary investment objective is to provide a high
level of current income exempt from regular U.S. federal income tax and secondarily, total return. NMCO invests primarily in high yielding,
low to medium-quality municipal securities, and uses leverage. The Fund continued to take a bottom-up approach to discovering sectors
that appeared undervalued as well as individual credits that the portfolio management team believed had the potential to perform well
over the long term. Trading activity continued to focus on pursuing the Fund’s
investment objectives. NMCO focused on higher yielding credits that still represented good relative values and wider credit spreads. New
purchases were mainly funded from the proceeds from called and maturing bonds, including larger refundings such as Northern Tobacco Settlement
Bonds from Alaska and Verity Health Revenue Bonds. NMCO continued to build a position in Puerto Rico general obligations (GOs), where
the credit outlook has improved and the restructuring has meaningfully progressed. NMCO participated in a new issue for Brightline after
holdings in some older, lower coupon Brightline bonds were refunded, and bought a refunding deal for the Foothill/Eastern Transportation
Corridor Agency Toll Road in California. There were no notable sales from NMCO’s portfolio in this reporting period. As of October 31, 2021, the Fund continued to use inverse floating
rate securities. The Fund employed inverse floaters for a variety of reasons, including duration management and income and total return
enhancement. How did the Fund perform during the twelve-month reporting period
ended October 31, 2021? For the twelve months ended October 31, 2021, NMCO outperformed
the S&P Municipal Yield Index. For the purposes of this Performance Commentary, references to relative performance are in comparison
to the S&P Municipal Yield Index. The primary contributor to the portfolio’s relative performance
was its credit quality allocation which was driven by its overweight to below investment grade and non-rated bonds. The portfolio also
benefited from its overweight to the industrial development revenue (IDR), state general obligation (GOs), sales tax and utility sectors
and its underweight to hospitals, senior living and tobacco sectors. Individual credit selection was a positive driver of relative performance
as well. One of the top contributors was Energy Harbor common stock. The stock price appreciated on several tailwinds, namely, strong
demand for energy generation as the economy reopened, rising electricity prices, and U.S. and global governments’ focus on low carbon
energy sources like nuclear power, as well as the company’s increasing distance from the bankruptcy of its parent company. Additional
contributors included Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority McCormick Place (commonly known as Illinois Met Pier) and Brightline
Trains, along with New Jersey retail and entertainment complex American Dream. 10 Table of Contents Partially offsetting the outperformance was the portfolio’s
holdings in proton therapy names, along with its position in Carousel Center Mall in Syracuse, New York and a few zero coupon tobacco
settlement bonds that had modest negative returns during the reporting period. The Fund continued to hold these positions on the view
that they can add incremental value over time. The portfolio’s underweight to local GOs and Puerto Rico, which generally outperformed
during the reporting period, were additional modest detractors. Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (NDMO) What key strategies were used to manage the Funds during the
twelve-month reporting period ended October 31, 2021? The Fund’s investment objective is to provide total return
through income exempt from regular federal income taxes and capital appreciation. NDMO invests primarily in municipal securities, the
income on which is exempt from regular U.S. federal income tax, and uses leverage. The Fund continued to take a bottom-up approach to
discovering sectors that appeared undervalued as well as individual credits that the portfolio management team believed had the potential
to perform well over the long term. Trading activity continued to focus on pursuing the Fund’s
investment objective. NDMO continued to emphasize longer duration and lower rated, higher yielding bonds for their higher income earnings
and total return potential. In the first half of the reporting period, the Fund tended to favor intermediate maturities, but as the yield
curve adjusted and longer dated bonds declined in value, the portfolio management team sought buying opportunities in 30-year maturities
and actively sold 10- to 20-year bonds. NDMO maintained its strategic allocation to higher yielding, lower rated credits. The portfolio
management team looked to sell high yield securities that appeared overvalued when bids were favorable while still investing in attractive
new high yield opportunities. New purchases were mostly funded from cash flows from coupon income and maturing bonds. As of October 31, 2021, the Fund continued to use inverse floating
rate securities. The Fund employed inverse floaters for a variety of reasons, including duration management and income and total return
enhancement. How did the Fund perform during the twelve-month reporting period
ended October 31, 2021? For the twelve months ended October 31, 2021, NDMO outperformed
the S&P Municipal Bond Index. For the purposes of this Performance Commentary, references to relative performance are in comparison
to the S&P Municipal Bond Index. The primary contributor to the portfolio’s relative performance
was its credit quality allocation, which was driven by its overweight to below investment grade and non-rated bonds. The portfolio also
benefited from its overweight to revenue sectors and underweight to general obligation bonds (GOs). Notably, the portfolio benefited from
positions in the industrial development revenue (IDR) sector such as plastics recycler PureCycle Ohio LLC, Big River Steel and American
Airlines, and transportation names, including New York Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA) and Brightline Trains. Brightline’s
prospects continued to improve with the ongoing construction of its Orlando route and planned extension to Disney World, new contracts
for commuter rail in Miami-Dade and Broward Counties, and the full-service reopening of its Miami, Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach
stations in early November 2021 (after the close of this reporting period). There were few detractors in NDMO’s portfolio in this reporting
period. However, the portfolio’s position in Gunderson Lutheran Health System had a small negative impact. The position was bought
at a point during the reporting period when prevailing rates were lower and subsequently underperformed when rates increased. Following
the end of the reporting period, the Fund exited a majority of the position in favor of other opportunities. 11 Table of Contents Fund Leverage IMPACT OF THE FUNDS’ LEVERAGE STRATEGIES ON PERFORMANCE One important factor impacting the returns of the Funds’ common
shares relative to their comparative benchmarks was the Funds’ use of leverage through their issuance of preferred shares, reverse
repurchase agreements, borrowings and/or investments in inverse floating rate securities, which represent leveraged investments in underlying
bonds. The Funds use leverage because our research has shown that, over time, leveraging provides opportunities for additional income.
The opportunity arises when short-term rates that a Fund pays on its leveraging instruments are lower than the interest a Fund earns on
its portfolio of long-term bonds that it has bought with the proceeds of that leverage. This has been particularly true in the recent
market environment where short-term rates have been low by historical standards. However, use of leverage can expose Fund common shares to additional
price volatility. When a Fund uses leverage, the Fund’s common shares will experience a greater increase in their net asset value
if the municipal bonds acquired through the use of leverage increase in value, but will also experience a correspondingly larger decline
in their net asset value if the bonds acquired through leverage decline in value. All this will make the shares’ total return performance
more variable over time. In addition, common share income in levered funds will typically
decrease in comparison to unlevered funds when short-term interest rates increase and increase when short-term interest rates decrease.
In recent quarters, fund leverage expenses have generally tracked the overall movement of short-term tax-exempt interest rates. While
fund leverage expenses are somewhat higher than their recent lows, leverage nevertheless continues to provide the opportunity for incremental
common share income, particularly over longer-term periods. The use of leverage had a positive impact on the total return performance
of the Funds over the reporting period. As of October 31, 2021, the Funds’ percentages of leverage
are as shown in the accompanying table. NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Effective Leverage* 37.21% 36.50% 34.81% 36.60% 32.57% Regulatory Leverage* 34.35% 36.17% 15.47% 35.31% 20.58% * Effective Leverage is a Fund’s effective economic leverage, and includes both regulatory
leverage and the leverage effects of certain derivative and other investments in a Fund’s portfolio that increase the Fund’s
investment exposure. Currently, the leverage effects of Tender Option Bond (TOB) inverse floater holdings and reverse repurchase agreements
are included in effective leverage values, in addition to any regulatory leverage. Regulatory leverage consists of preferred shares issued
or borrowings of a Fund. Both of these are part of a Fund’s capital structure. A Fund, however, may from time to time borrow on
a typically transient basis in connection with its day-to-day operations, primarily in connection with the need to settle portfolio trades.
Such incidental borrowings are excluded from the calculation of a Fund’s effective leverage ratio. Regulatory leverage is subject
to asset coverage limits set forth in the Investment Company Act of 1940. 12 Table of Contents THE FUNDS’ REGULATORY LEVERAGE As of October 31, 2021, the following Funds have issued and outstanding
preferred shares as shown in the accompanying table. Variable Rate Variable Rate Remarketed Preferred* Preferred** Shares Issued Shares Issued at at Liquidation at Liquidation Preference Preference Total NVG $ 317,400,000 $1,611,600,000 $1,929,000,000 NZF $1,172,000,000 $ 196,000,000 $1,368,000,000 NMZ $ 257,000,000 $ — $ 257,000,000 NMCO $ 350,000,000 $ 100,000,000 $ 450,000,000 * Preferred shares of the Fund featuring a floating rate dividend based on a predetermined
formula or spread to an index rate. Includes the following preferred shares AMTP, iMTP, MFP-VRM and VRDP in Special Rate Mode, where
applicable. See Notes to Financial Statements, Note 5 – Fund Shares for further details. ** Preferred shares of the Fund featuring floating rate dividends set by a remarketing agent
via a regular remarketing. Includes the following preferred shares VRDP not in Special Rate Mode, MFP-VRRM and MFP-VRDM, where applicable.
See Notes to Financial Statements, Note 5 – Fund Shares, for further details. Refer to Notes to Financial Statements, Note 5 – Fund Shares
and Note 11 – Subsequent Events for further details on preferred shares and each Fund’s respective transactions. Reverse Repurchase Agreements As noted previously, during the current fiscal period, NDMO (and
NMZ, subsequent to the close of the reporting period) used reverse repurchase agreements, in which each Fund sells to a counterparty a
security that it holds with a contemporaneous agreement to repurchase the same security at an agreed upon price and date. The Funds’
transactions in reverse repurchase agreements are as shown in the accompanying table. Subsequent to the Close of Current Reporting Period the Reporting Period Outstanding Outstanding Average Outstanding Balance as of Balance as of Balance Balance as of November 1, 2020 Sales Purchases October 31, 2021 Outstanding Sales Purchases December 28, 2021 NMZ $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $74,310,000 $ — $74,310,000 NDMO $ — $44,800,000 $ — $44,800,000 $41,797,596* $ — $ — $44,800,000 * For the period April
7, 2020 (initial sales on reverse repurchase agreements) through October 31, 2021. Refer to Notes to Financial Statements, Note 9 – Borrowing
Arrangements and Note 11 – Subsequent Events for further details. Bank Borrowings As noted previously, NDMO employs leverage through the use of bank
borrowings. The Fund’s bank borrowing activities are as shown in the accompanying table. Paydowns reflect on-going leverage management
activity that seeks to maintain the Fund’s leverage ratio within a specified internal operating range. Subsequent to the Close of Current Reporting Period the Reporting Period Outstanding Outstanding Average Outstanding Balance as of Balance as of Balance Balance as of November 1, 2020 Draws Paydowns October 31, 2021 Outstanding* Draws Paydowns December 28, 2021 $ — $191,900,000 $ — $191,900,000 $168,246,417 $ — $ — $191,900,000 * For the period December 15, 2020 (initial draw on borrowings) through October 31, 2021. Refer to Notes to Financial Statements, Note 9 – Borrowing
Arrangements for further details. 13 Table of Contents Common Share Information NVG, NZF, NMZ and NMCO COMMON SHARE DISTRIBUTION INFORMATION The following information regarding the distributions for NVG, NZF,
NMZ and NMCO are current as of October 31, 2021. Each Fund’s distribution levels may vary over time based on each Fund’s investment
activity and portfolio investments value changes. During the current reporting period, each Fund’s distributions
to common shareholders were as shown in the accompanying table. Per Common Share Amounts Monthly Distributions (Ex-Dividend Date) NVG NZF NMZ NMCO November 2020 $ 0.0675 $ 0.0660 $ 0.0620 $ 0.0620 December 0.0675 0.0660 0.0620 0.0620 January 0.0675 0.0660 0.0620 0.0620 February 0.0675 0.0660 0.0620 0.0620 March 0.0675 0.0660 0.0620 0.0620 April 0.0675 0.0660 0.0650 0.0620 May 0.0675 0.0660 0.0650 0.0620 June 0.0675 0.0660 0.0650 0.0620 July 0.0675 0.0660 0.0650 0.0620 August 0.0675 0.0660 0.0650 0.0620 September 0.0675 0.0660 0.0650 0.0620 October 2021 0.0675 0.0660 0.0650 0.0620 Total Distributions from Net Investment Income $0.8100 $0.7920 $0.7650 $0.7440 Total Distributions from Long Term Capital Gains* $ 0.0874 $ — $ — $ — Total Distributions $ 0.8974 $ 0.7920 $ 0.7650 $ 0.7440 Yields Market Yield** 4.68% 4.73% 5.30% 4.95% Taxable-Equivalent Yield** 7.91% 7.99% 8.95% 8.36% * Distribution paid in December 2020. ** Market Yield is based on the Fund’s current annualized monthly dividend divided by
the Fund’s current market price as of the end of the reporting period. Taxable-Equivalent Yield represents the yield that must
be earned on a fully taxable investment in order to equal the yield of the Fund on an after-tax basis. It is based on an income tax rate
of 40.8%. Your actual federal income tax rate may differ from the assumed rate. The Taxable-Equivalent Yield also takes into account
the percentage of the Fund’s income generated and paid by the Fund (based on payments made during the previous calendar year) that
was not exempt from federal income tax. Separately, if the comparison were instead to investments that generate qualified dividend income,
which is taxable at a rate lower than an individual’s ordinary graduated tax rate, the fund’s Taxable-Equivalent Yield would
be lower. NVG, NZF, NMZ and NMCO seek to pay regular monthly dividends out
of its net investment income at a rate that reflects its past and projected net income performance. To permit each Fund to maintain a
more stable monthly dividend, the Fund may pay dividends at a rate that may be more or less than the amount of net income actually earned
by the Fund during the period. Distributions to common shareholders are determined on a tax basis, which may differ from amounts recorded
in the accounting records. In instances where the monthly dividend exceeds the earned net investment income, the Fund would report a negative
undistributed net ordinary income. Refer to Note 6 — Income Tax Information for additional information regarding the amounts of
undistributed net ordinary income and undistributed net long-term capital gains and the character of the actual distributions paid by
the Fund during the period. 14 Table of Contents All monthly dividends paid by NVG, NZF, NMZ and NMCO during the
current reporting period were paid from net investment income. If a portion of the Fund’s monthly distributions is sourced or comprised
of elements other than net investment income, including capital gains and/or a return of capital, shareholders will be notified of those
sources. For financial reporting purposes, the per share amounts of each Fund’s distributions for the reporting period are presented
in this report’s Financial Highlights. For income tax purposes, distribution information for each Fund as of its most recent tax
year end is presented in Note 6 — Income Tax Information within the Notes to Financial Statements of this report. COMMON SHARE DISTRIBUTION INFORMATION FOR NDMO The following information regarding NDMO’s distributions is
current as of October 31, 2021, the Fund’s fiscal and tax year end, and may differ from previously issued distribution notifications.
The Fund’s distribution levels may vary over time based on the Fund’s investment activities and portfolio investment value
changes. The Fund has adopted a managed distribution program. The goal of
the Fund’s managed distribution program is to provide shareholders relatively consistent and predictable cash flow by systematically
converting its expected long-term return potential into regular distributions. As a result, regular distributions throughout the year
will likely include a portion of expected long-term and/or short-term gains (both realized and unrealized), along with net investment
income. Important points to understand about Nuveen fund managed distributions
are: • The Fund seeks to establish a relatively stable common share distribution rate that roughly
corresponds to the projected total return from its investment strategy over an extended period of time. However, you should not draw
any conclusions about the Fund’s past or future investment performance from its current distribution rate. • Actual common share returns will differ from projected long-term returns (and therefore the
Fund’s distribution rate), at least over shorter time periods. Over a specific timeframe, the difference between actual returns
and total distributions will be reflected in an increasing (returns exceed distributions) or a decreasing (distributions exceed returns)
Fund net asset value. • Each period’s distributions are expected to be paid from some or all of the following
sources: • net investment income consisting of regular interest and dividends, • net realized
gains from portfolio investments, and • unrealized gains, or, in certain cases, a return of principal (non-taxable distributions). • A non-taxable distribution is a payment of a portion of the Fund’s capital. When the
Fund’s returns exceed distributions, it may represent portfolio gains generated, but not realized as a taxable capital gain. In
periods when the Fund’s returns fall short of distributions, it will represent a portion of your original principal unless the
shortfall is offset during other time periods over the life of your investment (previous or subsequent) when the Fund’s total return
exceeds distributions. • Because distribution source estimates are updated throughout the current fiscal year based
on the Fund’s performance, these estimates may differ from both the tax information reported to you in the Fund’s 1099 statement,
as well as the ultimate economic sources of distributions over the life of your investment. 15 Table of Contents Common Share Information (continued) The following table provides information regarding the Fund’s
distributions and total return performance over various time periods. This information is intended to help you better understand whether
the Fund’s returns for the specified time periods were sufficient to meet its distributions. Data as of October 31, 2021 Latest Annualized Cumulative Monthly Current 1-Year Fiscal YTD Fiscal Inception Per Share Distribution Return Distributions YTD Return Date Distribution on NAV on NAV on NAV on NAV 8/26/20 $0.0765 5.88% 10.77% 5.88% 10.77% The following table provides the Fund’s distribution sources as of October 31, 2021. The amounts and sources of distributions reported in this notice
are for financial reporting purposes and are not being provided for tax reporting purposes. The actual amounts and character of the distributions
for tax reporting purposes will be reported to shareholders on Form 1099-DIV which will be sent to shareholders shortly after calendar
year-end. More details about the Fund’s distributions and the basis for these estimates are available on www.nuveen.com/cef. Data as of October 31, 2021 Fiscal YTD Fiscal YTD Percentage of Distributions Per Share Amounts Net Net Investment Realized Return of Total Investment Realized Return of Income Gains Capital Distribution Income Gains Capital 54.68% 33.25% 12.07% $0.9180 $0.5020 $0.3052 $0.1108 NUVEEN CLOSED-END FUND DISTRIBUTION AMOUNTS The Nuveen Closed-End Funds’ monthly and quarterly periodic
distributions to shareholders are posted on www.nuveen.com and can be found on Nuveen’s enhanced closed-end fund resource page,
which is at https://www.nuveen.com/resource-center-closedendfunds, along with other Nuveen closed-end fund product updates. To ensure
timely access to the latest information, shareholders may use a subscribe function, which can be activated at this web page (https://www.nuveen.com/subscriptions). COMMON SHARE EQUITY SHELF PROGRAM During the current reporting period, NMZ, NMCO and NDMO were authorized
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to issue additional common shares through an equity shelf program (Shelf Offering). Under
these programs, NMZ, NMCO and NDMO, subject to market conditions, may raise additional capital from time to time in varying amounts and
offering methods at a 16 Table of Contents net price at or above each Fund’s NAV per common share. The
maximum aggregate offering under these Shelf Offerings, are as shown in the accompanying table. NMZ* NMCO** NDMO*** Maximum aggregate offering Unlimited 90,000,000 250,000,000 * Represents maximum aggregate offering for the period March 8, 2021 through October 31, 2021.
The Fund carried forward 13,340,607 common shares from the 19,500,000 additional previously authorized common shares. ** Represents maximum aggregate offering for the period March 25, 2021 through October 31, 2021. *** Represents maximum aggregate offering for the period August 26, 2021 through October 31,
2021. During the current reporting period, NMZ, NMCO and NDMO sold common
shares through their Shelf Offering at a weighted average premium to their NAV per common share as shown in the accompanying table. NMZ NMCO NDMO Common shares sold through shelf offering 13,616,818 10,000 1,449,334 Weighted average premium to NAV per common share sold 2.75% 1.09% 1.58% Subsequent to the reporting period, NVG was authorized by the SEC
to issue additional common shares through a Shelf Offering. Refer to Notes to Financial Statements, Note 5 – Fund Shares and Note
11 – Subsequent Events for further details on Shelf Offerings and each Fund’s transactions. COMMON SHARE REPURCHASES During August 2021, the Funds’ Board of Trustees reauthorized
an open-market share repurchase program, allowing each Fund to repurchase an aggregate of up to approximately 10% of its outstanding common
shares. As of October 31, 2021, and since the inception of the Funds’
repurchase programs, the Funds have cumulatively repurchased and retired their outstanding common shares as shown in the accompanying
table. NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Common shares cumulatively repurchased and retired 202,500 47,500 0 0 0 Common shares authorized for repurchase 21,335,000 14,210,000 9,220,000 5,325,000 5,700,000 During the current reporting period, the Funds did not repurchase
any of their outstanding common shares. OTHER COMMON SHARE INFORMATION As of October 31, 2021, the Funds’ common share prices were
trading at an average premium/(discount) to their common share NAVs and trading at an average premium/(discount) to NAV during the current
reporting period, as follows. NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Common share NAV 17.28 16.98 14.53 15.47 15.60 Common share price 17.29 16.73 14.71 15.04 15.64 Premium/(Discount) to NAV 0.06% (1.47)% 1.24% (2.78)% 0.26% Average premium/(discount) to NAV (2.02)% (2.88)% 2.08% (3.27)% 1.83% 17 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Performance
                                            Overview and Holding Summaries as of October 31, 2021 Refer to the Glossary of Terms Used in this Report for further definition of the terms used within this section. Average Annual Total Returns as of October 31, 2021 Average Annual 1-Year 5-Year 10-Year NVG at Common Share NAV 8.54% 6.11% 6.90% NVG at Common Share Price 16.65% 8.64% 7.89% S&P Municipal Bond Index 2.76% 3.33% 3.95% NVG Blended Benchmark 1,2 5.04% 4.17% 4.56% Past performance is not predictive of future results. Current performance
may be higher or lower than the data shown. Returns do not reflect the deduction of taxes that shareholders may have to pay on Fund distributions
or upon the sale of Fund shares. Returns at NAV are net of Fund expenses, and assume reinvestment of distributions. Comparative index
return information is provided for the Fund’s shares at NAV only. Indexes are not available for direct investment. Daily Common Share NAV and Share Price 1 For purposes of Fund performance, relative results are measured against this benchmark/index. 2 NVG Blended Benchmark consists of the returns of the S&P Municipal Bond Index prior to
4/11/16 and thereafter: 1) 60% of the return of the S&P Municipal Bond Investment Grade Index and 2) 40% of the return of the S&P
Municipal Bond High Yield Index. 18 Table of Contents This data relates to the securities held in the Fund’s
portfolio of investments as of the end of the reporting period. It should not be construed as a measure of performance for the Fund itself.
Holdings are subject to change. The ratings disclosed are the lowest rating given by one of the
following national rating agencies: Standard & Poor’s Group, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch, Inc. Credit ratings
are subject to change. AAA, AA, A and BBB are investment grade ratings; BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D are below-investment grade ratings. Holdings
designated N/R are not rated by these national rating agencies. Fund Allocation (% of net assets) Long-Term Municipal Bonds 154.9% Common Stocks 0.9% Other Assets Less Liabilities 1.5% Net Assets Plus Floating Rate Obligations, AMTP Shares, net of deferred offering costs, MFP Shares, net of deferred offering costs & VRDP Shares, net of deferred offering costs 157.3% Floating Rate Obligations (5.1)% AMTP Shares, net of deferred offering costs (3.0)% MFP Shares, net of deferred offering costs (11.0)% VRDP Shares, net of deferred offering costs (38.2)% Net Assets 100% Portfolio Credit Quality (% of total investment exposure) U.S. Guaranteed 10.2% AAA 4.2% AA 21.8% A 20.0% BBB 17.5% BB or Lower 9.4% N/R (not rated) 16.3% N/A (not applicable) 0.6% Total 100% Portfolio Composition (% of total investments) Tax Obligation/Limited 20.0% Health Care 17.4% Transportation 10.7% U.S. Guaranteed 10.6% Utilities 9.7% Education and Civic Organizations 9.5% Tax Obligation/General 9.4% Consumer Staples 5.1% Other 7.6% Total 100% States and Territories (% of total municipal bonds) Illinois 15.1% California 7.8% Texas 7.0% Colorado 6.6% Ohio 5.9% New York 5.1% Pennsylvania 3.9% New Jersey 3.7% Connecticut 3.7% Puerto Rico 2.9% Florida 2.9% Wisconsin 2.3% Massachusetts 2.1% Georgia 2.0% South Carolina 1.9% Michigan 1.9% District of Columbia 1.7% Arizona 1.6% Indiana 1.5% Missouri 1.5% Other 1 18.9% Total 100% 1 See Portfolio of Investments for details on “other”
States and Territories. 19 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Performance Overview and Holding Summaries as of October 31, 2021 Refer to the Glossary of Terms Used in this Report for further definition of the terms used within this section. Average Annual Total Returns as of October 31, 2021 Average Annual 1-Year 5-Year 10-Year NZF at Common Share NAV 11.45% 6.00% 6.95% NZF at Common Share Price 19.05% 8.10% 7.47% S&P Municipal Bond Index 2.76% 3.33% 3.95% NZF Blended Benchmark 1,2 5.04% 4.17% 4.56% Past performance is not predictive of future results. Current performance
may be higher or lower than the data shown. Returns do not reflect the deduction of taxes that shareholders may have to pay on Fund distributions
or upon the sale of Fund shares. Returns at NAV are net of Fund expenses, and assume reinvestment of distributions. Comparative index
return information is provided for the Fund’s shares at NAV only. Indexes are not available for direct investment. Daily Common Share NAV and Share Price 1 For purposes of Fund performance, relative results are measured against this benchmark/index. 2 NZF Blended Benchmark consists of the returns of the S&P Municipal Bond Index prior to
4/11/16 and thereafter: 1) 60% of the return of the S&P Municipal Bond Investment Grade Index and 2) 40% of the return of the S&P
Municipal Bond High Yield Index. 20 Table of Contents This data relates to the securities held in the Fund’s
portfolio of investments as of the end of the reporting period. It should not be construed as a measure of performance for the Fund itself.
Holdings are subject to change. The ratings disclosed are the lowest rating given by one of the
following national rating agencies: Standard & Poor’s Group, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch, Inc. Credit ratings
are subject to change. AAA, AA, A and BBB are investment grade ratings; BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D are below-investment grade ratings. Holdings
designated N/R are not rated by these national rating agencies. Fund Allocation (% of net assets) Long-Term Municipal Bonds 151.3% Common Stocks 2.3% Investment Companies 0.1% Corporate Bonds 0.0% Other Assets Less Liabilities 3.3% Net Assets Plus Floating Rate Obligations, MFP Shares, net of deferred offering costs & VRDP Shares, net of deferred offering costs 157.0% Floating Rate Obligations (0.6)% MFP Shares, net of deferred offering costs (26.5)% VRDP Shares, net of deferred offering costs (29.9)% Net Assets 100% Portfolio Credit Quality (% of total investment exposure) U.S. Guaranteed 6.3% AAA 1.5% AA 21.5% A 22.0% BBB 23.1% BB or Lower 9.6% N/R (not rated) 14.4% N/A (not applicable) 1.6% Total 100% Portfolio Composition (% of total investments) Tax Obligation/Limited 21.1% Transportation 18.3% Health Care 15.9% Tax Obligation/General 14.3% Utilities 12.7% U.S. Guaranteed 7.4% Other 10.3% Total 100% States and Territories (% of total municipal bonds) Illinois 18.7% California 14.7% New York 12.8% Texas 9.7% Florida 4.9% Colorado 4.0% New Jersey 3.9% Puerto Rico 3.5% Pennsylvania 3.5% Missouri 2.3% Indiana 2.0% South Carolina 1.7% Other 1 18.3% Total 100% 1 See Portfolio of Investments for details on “other”
States and Territories. 21 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Performance Overview and Holding Summaries as of October 31,
    2021 Refer to the Glossary of Terms Used in this Report for further definition of the terms used within this section. Average
Annual Total Returns as of October 31, 2021 Average Annual 1-Year 5-Year 10-Year NMZ at Common Share NAV 15.80% 6.96% 8.79% NMZ at Common Share Price 17.32% 7.86% 8.84% S&P Municipal Yield Index 8.87% 5.69% 6.50% Past performance is not predictive of future results. Current performance
may be higher or lower than the data shown. Returns do not reflect the deduction of taxes that shareholders may have to pay on Fund distributions
or upon the sale of Fund shares. Returns at NAV are net of Fund expenses, and assume reinvestment of distributions. Comparative index
return information is provided for the Fund’s shares at NAV only. Indexes are not available for direct investment. 22 Table of Contents This data relates to the securities held in the Fund’s
portfolio of investments as of the end of the reporting period. It should not be construed as a measure of performance for the Fund itself.
Holdings are subject to change. The ratings disclosed are the lowest rating given by one of the
following national rating agencies: Standard & Poor’s Group, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch, Inc. Credit ratings
are subject to change. AAA, AA, A and BBB are investment grade ratings; BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D are below-investment grade ratings. Holdings
designated N/R are not rated by these national rating agencies. Fund Allocation (% of net assets) Long-Term Municipal Bonds 146.8% Common Stocks 2.9% Corporate Bonds 0.8% Other Assets Less Liabilities 0.3% Net Assets Plus Floating Rate Obligations & AMTP Shares, net of deferred offering costs 150.8% Floating Rate Obligations (32.5)% AMTP Shares, net of deferred offering costs (18.3)% Net Assets 100% Portfolio Credit Quality (% of total investment exposure) U.S. Guaranteed 2.9% AAA 0.6% AA 10.2% A 10.5% BBB 17.0% BB or Lower 11.7% N/R (not rated) 46.9% N/A (not applicable) 0.2% Total 100% Portfolio Composition (% of total investments) Tax Obligation/Limited 29.5% Transportation 13.3% Education and Civic Organizations 12.2% Health Care 11.8% Tax Obligation/General 6.8% Utilities 6.4% Housing/Multifamily 5.5% Other 14.5% Total 100% States and Territories (% of total municipal bonds) Illinois 15.3% California 11.5% Florida 10.7% Puerto Rico 7.0% New York 6.7% Colorado 6.6% Ohio 4.9% Wisconsin 4.2% Texas 4.0% Kentucky 3.4% New Jersey 3.1% Arizona 2.6% South Carolina 1.6% Other 1 18.4% Total 100% 1 See Portfolio of Investments for further details on “other”
States and Territories. 23 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Performance Overview and Holding Summaries as of October 31, 2021 Refer to the Glossary of Terms Used in this Report for further definition of the terms used within this section. Average
Annual Total Returns as of October 31, 2021 Average Annual Since 1-Year Inception NMCO at Common Share NAV 26.91% 6.54% NMCO at Common Share Price 35.55% 5.29% S&P Municipal Yield Index 8.87% 5.77% Since inception returns are from 9/16/19. Past performance is not
predictive of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the data shown. Returns do not reflect the deduction of
taxes that shareholders may have to pay on Fund distributions or upon the sale of Fund shares. Returns at NAV are net of Fund expenses,
and assume reinvestment of distributions. Comparative index return information is provided for the Fund’s shares at NAV only. Indexes
are not available for direct investment. Daily Common Share NAV and Share Price 1 Value on 9/16/19 is $15.00, which represents the Fund’s
public offering price less sales load. 24 Table of Contents This data relates to the securities held in the Fund’s
portfolio of investments as of the end of the reporting period. It should not be construed as a measure of performance for the Fund itself.
Holdings are subject to change. The ratings disclosed are the lowest rating given by one of the
following national rating agencies: Standard & Poor’s Group, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch, Inc. Credit ratings
are subject to change. AAA, AA, A and BBB are investment grade ratings; BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D are below-investment grade ratings. Holdings
designated N/R are not rated by these national rating agencies. Fund Allocation (% of net assets) Long-Term Municipal Bonds 149.7% Common Stocks 5.0% Exchange-Traded Funds 0.2% Short-Term Municipal Bonds 0.1% Other Assets Less Liabilities 2.6% Net Assets Plus Floating Rate Obligations, MFP Shares, net of deferred offerings 157.6% Floating Rate Obligations (3.1)% MFP Shares, net of deferred offerings (54.5)% Net Assets 100% Portfolio Credit Quality (% of total investment exposure) U.S. Guaranteed 0.4% AA 2.0% A 1.0% BBB 9.0% BB or Lower 32.5% N/R (not rated) 51.7% N/A (not applicable) 3.4% Total 100% Portfolio Composition (% of total investments) Tax Obligation/Limited 20.7% Industrials 15.8% Transportation 12.8% Education and Civic Organizations 9.9% Tax Obligation/General 9.3% Utilities 8.0% Health Care 7.6% Long-Term Care 6.8% Consumer Staples 6.0% Other 3.1% Total 100% States and Territories (% of total municipal bonds) Florida 12.3% Illinois 11.0% Puerto Rico 9.2% New York 7.5% Ohio 6.4% Colorado 5.8% Wisconsin 5.7% California 4.9% Alabama 4.6% Pennsylvania 4.5% Arizona 2.9% New Jersey 2.7% Virgin Islands 2.4% Arkansas 2.4% Other 1 17.7% Total 100% 1 See Portfolio of Investments for further details on “other”
States and Territories. 25 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen
Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Performance Overview and Holding Summaries as of October
31, 2021 Refer to the Glossary of Terms Used in this Report for further definition of the terms used within this section. Average
Annual Returns as of October 31, 2021 Average Annual Since 1-Year Inception NDMO at Common Share NAV 10.77% 9.03% NDMO at Common Share Price 10.47% 9.27% S&P Municipal Yield Index 8.87% 9.02% S&P Municipal Bond Index 1 2.76% 2.54% Since inception returns are from 8/26/20. Past performance is not
predictive of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the data shown. Returns do not reflect the deduction of
taxes that shareholders may have to pay on Fund distributions or upon the sale of Fund shares. Returns at NAV are net of Fund expenses,
and assume reinvestment of distributions. Comparative index return information is provided for the Fund’s shares at NAV only. Indexes
are not available for direct investment. 1 For purposes of Fund performance, relative results are measured
against this benchmark/index. 2 Value on 8/26/20 is $15.00, which represents the Fund’s
public offering price less sales load. 26 Table of Contents This data relates to the securities held in the Fund’s
portfolio of investments as of the end of the reporting period. It should not be construed as a measure of performance for the Fund itself.
Holdings are subject to change. The ratings disclosed are the lowest rating given by one of the
following national rating agencies: Standard & Poor’s Group, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch, Inc. Credit ratings
are subject to change. AAA, AA, A and BBB are investment grade ratings; BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D are below-investment grade ratings. Holdings
designated N/R are not rated by these national rating agencies. Fund Allocation (% of net assets) Long-Term Municipal Bonds 148.6% Corporate Bonds 0.2% Other Assets Less Liabilities (0.5)% Net Assets Plus Borrowings, Floating Rate Obligations & Reverse Repurchase Agreements, including accrued interest 148.3% Borrowings (21.0)% Floating Rate Obligations (22.4)% Reverse Repurchase Agreements, including accrued interest (4.9)% Net Assets 100% Portfolio Credit Quality (% of total investment exposure) U.S. Guaranteed 0.3% AAA 1.3% AA 19.0% A 20.2% BBB 15.1% BB or Lower 11.0% N/R (not rated) 33.1% Total 100% Portfolio Composition (% of total investments) Tax Obligation/Limited 31.6% Health Care 16.4% Education and Civic Organizations 13.5% Transportation 11.3% Tax Obligation/General 7.3% Utilities 7.0% Other 12.9% Total 100% States and Territories (% of total municipal bonds) California 13.6% New York 13.5% Florida 11.5% Colorado 8.2% Illinois 6.2% Arizona 5.6% Texas 4.9% Puerto Rico 4.7% Ohio 4.7% New Jersey 4.3% Wisconsin 2.8% Virginia 2.2% Other 1 17.8% Total 100% 1 See Portfolio of Investments for further details on “other”
States and Territories. 27 Table of Contents Shareholder Meeting Report The annual meeting of shareholders was held on April 6, 2021 for
NMCO. The meeting was held virtually due to public health concerns regarding the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; at this meeting the shareholders
were asked to elect Board members. The annual meeting of shareholders was held on August 4, 2021 for NVG, NZF, NMZ and NDMO. The meeting
was held virtually due to public health concerns regarding the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; at this meeting the shareholders were asked
to elect Board members. NVG NZF NMZ Common and Common and Common and Preferred Preferred Preferred Preferred Preferred shares voting shares voting shares voting shares voting shares voting together together together together together Preferred as a class as a class as a class as a class as a class Shares Approval of the Board Members was reached as follows: Jack B. Evans For 136,310,091 — 85,071,581 — 52,373,963 — Withhold 25,017,752 — 24,763,343 — 11,956,650 — Total 161,327,843 — 109,834,924 — 64,330,613 — Joanne T. Medero For 157,571,374 — 107,060,540 — 62,804,850 — Withhold 3,756,469 — 2,774,384 — 1,525,763 — Total 161,327,843 — 109,834,924 — 64,330,613 — Matthew Thornton III For 157,511,149 — 107,029,179 — 62,520,503 — Withhold 3,816,694 — 2,805,745 — 1,810,110 — Total 161,327,843 — 109,834,924 — 64,330,613 — William C. Hunter For — 149,564 — 5,010 — 1,700 Withhold — 67,451 — 5,310 — 810 Total — 217,015 — 10,320 — 2,510 Albin F. Moschner For — 149,564 — 5,010 — 1,700 Withhold — 67,451 — 5,310 — 870 Total — 217,015 — 10,320 — 2,570 28 Table of Contents NMCO NDMO Common and Preferred shares voting together Preferred Common as a class Shares shares Approval of the Board Members was reached as follows: Jack B. Evans For 23,255,165 — 30,241,146 Withhold 18,194,559 — 20,205,312 Total 41,449,724 — 50,446,458 Joanne T. Medero For — — 49,826,020 Withhold — — 620,438 Total — — 50,446,458 Matthew Thornton III For 40,529,982 — 48,722,614 Withhold 919,742 — 1,723,844 Total 41,449,724 — 50,446,458 William C. Hunter For — 900 — Withhold — 3,600 — Total — 4,500 — Albin F. Moschner For — 900 31,395,136 Withhold — 3,600 19,051,322 Total — 4,500 50,446,458 29 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To
the Shareholders and Board of Trustees Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund: Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities
of Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund, Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund, Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund, Nuveen
Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund, and Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (the Funds), including the portfolios of investments,
as of October 31, 2021, the related statements of operations and cash flows for the year then ended, the statements of changes in net
assets for each of the years in the two-year period then ended (the year then ended and the period from August 26, 2020 (commencement
of operations) to October 31, 2020 for Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund), and the related notes (collectively, the financial
statements) and the financial highlights for each of the years in the five-year period then ended (the two-year period then ended and
the period from September 16, 2019 (commencement of operations) to October 31, 2019 for Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund and
the year then ended and the period from August 26, 2020 to October 31, 2020 for Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund). In our opinion,
the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Funds as of
October 31, 2021, the results of their operations and cash flows for the year then ended, the changes in their net assets for each of
the years in the two-year period then ended (the year then ended and the period from August 26, 2020 to October 31, 2020 for Nuveen Dynamic
Municipal Opportunities Fund), and the financial highlights for each of the years in the five-year period then ended (the two-year period
then ended and the period from September 16, 2019 to October 31, 2019 for Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund and the year then
ended and the period from August 26, 2020 to October 31, 2020 for Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund), in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility
of the Funds’ management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial highlights based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Funds in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements and financial highlights. Such procedures also included confirmation of securities owned as of October 31,
2021, by correspondence with custodians and brokers or other appropriate auditing procedures. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements and financial highlights. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the auditor of one or more Nuveen investment companies
since 2014. Chicago, Illinois December 28, 2021 30 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS – 155.8% (100.0% of Total Investments) MUNICIPAL BONDS – 154.9% (99.4% of Total Investments) Alabama – 2.0% (1.3% of Total Investments) $ 3,645 Alabama Private Colleges and University Facilities Authority, Limited Obligation Bonds, 9/25 at 100.00 N/R $ 3,967,437 University of Mobile Project, Series 2015A, 6.000%, 9/01/45, 144A 5,000 Birmingham-Jefferson Civic Center Authority, Alabama, Special Tax Bonds, Series 2018A, 7/28 at 100.00 Aa3 5,553,900 4.000%, 7/01/43 22,655 Lower Alabama Gas District, Alabama, Gas Project Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A, No Opt. Call A2 32,223,566 5.000%, 9/01/46 8,100 Mobile Spring Hill College Educational Building Authority, Alabama, Revenue Bonds, 4/25 at 100.00 N/R 8,805,996 Spring Hill College Project, Series 2015, 5.875%, 4/15/45 The Improvement District of the City of Mobile – McGowin Park Project, Alabama, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A: 1,000 5.250%, 8/01/30 8/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,048,440 1,300 5.500%, 8/01/35 8/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,358,643 5,970 Tuscaloosa County Industrial Development Authority, Alabama, Gulf Opportunity Zone 5/29 at 100.00 N/R 6,874,455 Bonds, Hunt Refining Project, Refunding Series 2019A, 5.250%, 5/01/44, 144A 12,000 UAB Medicine Finance Authority, Alabama, Revenue Bonds, Series 2019B, 4.000%, 9/01/44 9/29 at 100.00 AA– 13,794,360 59,670 Total Alabama 73,626,797 Alaska – 0.5% (0.3% of Total Investments) Northern Tobacco Securitization Corporation, Alaska, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, Senior Series 2021A Class 1: 2,490 4.000%, 6/01/41 6/31 at 100.00 A– 2,888,276 8,100 4.000%, 6/01/50 6/31 at 100.00 BBB+ 8,997,966 720 Northern Tobacco Securitization Corporation, Alaska, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/31 at 100.00 BBB– 794,311 Bonds, Series 2021B-1 Class 2, 4.000%, 6/01/50 26,570 Northern Tobacco Securitization Corporation, Alaska, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/31 at 30.73 N/R 4,303,989 Bonds, Series 2021B-2 Class 2, 0.010%, 6/01/66 37,880 Total Alaska 16,984,542 Arizona – 2.5% (1.6% of Total Investments) 4,230 Apache County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Pollution Control Revenue 3/22 at 100.00 A– 4,283,425 Bonds, Tucson Electric Power Company, Series 20102A, 4.500%, 3/01/30 1,475 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 7/27 at 100.00 BB 1,687,828 Basis Schools, Inc. Projects, Series 2017D, 5.000%, 7/01/47, 144A 6,290 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Academies of 7/29 at 100.00 BB 7,113,109 Math & Science Projects, Series 2019, 5.000%, 7/01/54, 144A 3,260 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, Caurus 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 3,695,862 Academy Project, Series 2018A, 6.375%, 6/01/39, 144A 10,000 Arizona Sports and Tourism Authority, Tax Revenue Bonds, Multipurpose Stadium Facility 7/22 at 100.00 A1 10,256,500 Project, Refunding Senior Series 2012A, 5.000%, 7/01/31 3,142 Cahava Springs Revitalization District, Cave Creek, Arizona, Special Assessment Bonds, 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,419,491 Series 2017A, 7.000%, 7/01/41, 144A (4) 4,885 Glendale Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Senior Living Revenue Bonds, Royal 5/26 at 103.00 BBB– 5,468,953 Oaks Royal Oaks – Inspirata Pointe Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 5/15/56 Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Legacy Traditional Schools Projects, Taxable Series 2019B: 1,730 5.000%, 7/01/49, 144A 7/29 at 100.00 BB+ 1,976,698 1,975 5.000%, 7/01/54, 144A 7/29 at 100.00 BB+ 2,249,367 31 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Arizona (continued) $ 800 Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Reid 7/26 at 100.00 Baa3 $ 893,184 Traditional School Projects, Series 2016, 5.000%, 7/01/47 Phoenix Civic Improvement Corporation, Arizona, Revenue Bonds, Civic Plaza Expansion Project, Series 2005B: 6,000 5.500%, 7/01/37 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call AA 8,791,620 8,755 5.500%, 7/01/39 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call AA 13,161,479 Phoenix Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, Basis Schools, Inc. Projects, Series 2016A: 620 5.000%, 7/01/35, 144A 7/25 at 100.00 BB 687,233 1,025 5.000%, 7/01/46, 144A 7/25 at 100.00 BB 1,126,977 2,045 Phoenix Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, 7/24 at 101.00 N/R 2,045,102 Deer Valley Veterans Assisted Living Project, Series 2016A, 5.125%, 7/01/36 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, Edkey Charter Schools Project, Series 2016: 1,130 5.250%, 7/01/36 7/26 at 100.00 BB– 1,229,722 1,850 5.375%, 7/01/46 7/26 at 100.00 BB– 1,997,389 2,135 5.500%, 7/01/51 7/26 at 100.00 BB– 2,299,374 2,920 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 7/26 at 103.00 N/R 3,282,927 Edkey Charter Schools Project, Series 2019, 5.875%, 7/01/51, 144A 885 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 2/24 at 100.00 N/R 925,427 San Tan Montessori School Project, Series 2016, 6.500%, 2/01/48, 144A 3,050 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 2/28 at 100.00 N/R 3,444,609 San Tan Montessori School Project, Series 2017, 6.750%, 2/01/50, 144A Salt Verde Financial Corporation, Arizona, Senior Gas Revenue Bonds, Citigroup Energy Inc Prepay Contract Obligations, Series 2007: 6,820 5.000%, 12/01/32 No Opt. Call A3 8,900,305 2,465 5.000%, 12/01/37 No Opt. Call A3 3,383,410 2,000 Yavapai County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Hospital Revenue Bonds, 8/23 at 100.00 A+ 2,158,580 Yavapai Regional Medical Center, Series 2013A, 5.250%, 8/01/33 79,487 Total Arizona 93,478,571 Arkansas – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) Arkansas Development Finance Authority, Tobacco Settlement Revenue Bonds, Arkansas Cancer Research Center Project, Series 2006: 2,635 0.000%, 7/01/36 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call Aa2 1,807,083 20,480 0.000%, 7/01/46 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call Aa2 9,537,741 23,115 Total Arkansas 11,344,824 California – 12.1% (7.8% of Total Investments) 6,135 Alhambra Unified School District, Los Angeles County, California, General Obligation No Opt. Call AA 5,307,204 Bonds, Capital Appreciation Series 2009B, 0.010%, 8/01/30 – AGC Insured Anaheim Public Financing Authority, California, Lease Revenue Bonds, Public Improvement Project, Series 1997C: 5,795 0.000%, 9/01/35 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 4,318,434 6,820 0.000%, 9/01/35 – AGM Insured (ETM) No Opt. Call AA (5) 5,383,231 4,100 Antelope Valley Healthcare District, California, Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A, 3/26 at 100.00 BBB 4,491,509 5.000%, 3/01/41 5,000 Bay Area Toll Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, San Francisco Bay Area Toll Bridge, 4/23 at 100.00 A1 (5) 5,340,000 Series 2013S-4, 5.000%, 4/01/38 (Pre-refunded 4/01/23) 5,825 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 5,436,356 Fountains at Emerald Park, Senior Lien Series 2021A-1, 3.000%, 8/01/56, 144A 1,430 California County Tobacco Securitization Agency, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, 6/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,640,439 Los Angeles County Securitization Corporation, Series 2020A, 4.000%, 6/01/49 580 California County Tobacco Securitization Agency, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, 6/30 at 100.00 BBB– 692,329 Los Angeles County Securitization Corporation, Series 2020B-1, 5.000%, 6/01/49 32 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) $ 50,460 California County Tobacco Securitization Agency, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, 6/30 at 26.72 N/R $ 9,636,851 Los Angeles County Securitization Corporation, Series 2020B-2, 0.010%, 6/01/55 22,965 California Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Stanford University Series No Opt. Call AAA 34,535,686 2016U-7, 5.000%, 6/01/46 (UB) (6) 15,850 California Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Stanford University Series No Opt. Call AAA 24,361,608 2019V-1, 5.000%, 5/01/49 10,000 California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Lucile Salter Packard 8/22 at 100.00 AA– 10,379,100 Children’s Hospital, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 8/15/51 1,600 California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Saint Joseph Health 7/23 at 100.00 AA– 1,722,752 System, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 7/01/37 6,665 California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Stanford Hospitals and 8/25 at 100.00 AA 7,631,892 Clinics, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 8/15/54 (UB) (6) California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Stanford Hospitals and Clinics, Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XG0049: 1,555 9.434%, 8/15/51 (Pre-refunded 8/15/22), 144A (IF) (6) 8/22 at 100.00 AA (5) 1,672,791 1,650 9.442%, 8/15/51 (Pre-refunded 8/15/22), 144A (IF) (6) 8/22 at 100.00 AA (5) 1,775,103 4,075 9.442%, 8/15/51 (Pre-refunded 8/15/22), 144A (IF) 8/22 at 100.00 AA (5) 4,383,967 5,000 California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Sutter Health, Series 8/23 at 100.00 A1 (5) 5,424,250 2013A, 5.000%, 8/15/52 (Pre-refunded 8/15/23) California Municipal Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Palmdale Aerospace Academy Project, Series 2016A: 3,065 5.000%, 7/01/31, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 BB 3,476,813 1,000 5.000%, 7/01/36, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 BB 1,126,270 555 5.000%, 7/01/41, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 BB 620,890 195 5.000%, 7/01/46, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 BB 216,965 California Municipal Finance Authority, Education Revenue Bonds, American Heritage Foundation Project, Series 2016A: 260 5.000%, 6/01/36 6/26 at 100.00 BBB– 294,778 435 5.000%, 6/01/46 6/26 at 100.00 BBB– 486,300 3,000 California Municipal Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Simpson University, Series 2020A, 10/27 at 103.00 N/R 3,362,250 6.000%, 10/01/50 5,425 California Pollution Control Financing Authority, Water Furnishing Revenue Bonds, San 1/29 at 100.00 BBB 6,410,722 Diego County Water Authority Desalination Project Pipeline, Refunding Series 2019, 5.000%, 11/21/45, 144A 2,050 California Public Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Henry Mayo Newhall Hospital, Series 10/26 at 100.00 BBB– 2,372,363 2017, 5.000%, 10/15/47 735 California School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Downtown College Prep 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 791,904 - Obligated Group, Series 2016, 5.000%, 6/01/46, 144A 715 California School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Rocketship Education 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 778,656 ? Obligated Group, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 6/01/36, 144A 570 California School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Rocketship Education 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 624,275 ? Obligated Group, Series 2017A, 5.125%, 6/01/47, 144A 80 California State, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2002, 5.000%, 10/01/32 – 11/21 at 100.00 Aa2 80,294 NPFG Insured 5 California State, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2004, 5.000%, 4/01/31 – 11/21 at 100.00 Aa2 5,018 AMBAC Insured 12,710 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma 12/24 at 100.00 BB 14,377,679 Linda University Medical Center, Series 2014A, 5.500%, 12/01/54 65,505 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma 6/26 at 100.00 BB 74,957,371 Linda University Medical Center, Series 2016A, 5.250%, 12/01/56, 144A 10,130 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma 6/28 at 100.00 BB 12,297,516 Linda University Medical Center, Series 2018A, 5.500%, 12/01/58, 144A 4,000 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Huntington 7/24 at 100.00 A– 4,294,840 Memorial Hospital, Refunding Series 2014B, 4.000%, 7/01/39 33 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) California Statewide Community Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Daughters of Charity Health System, Series 2005A: $ 280 5.750%, 7/01/30 (4), (7) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R $ 244,900 807 5.750%, 7/01/35 (4), (7) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 706,779 5,000 Clovis Unified School District, Fresno County, California, General Obligation Bonds, No Opt. Call AA+ (5) 4,898,450 Series 2001A, 0.000%, 8/01/25 – FGIC Insured (ETM) 1,205 CMFA Special Finance Agency VII, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, Senior 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,114,083 Lien Series 2021A-1, 3.000%, 8/01/56, 144A 3,400 Coachella Valley Unified School District, Riverside County, California, General No Opt. Call AA 2,676,650 Obligation Bonds, Election 2005 Series 2010C, 0.000%, 8/01/33 – AGM Insured 14,375 Corona-Norco Unified School District, Riverside County, California, General Obligation Bonds, No Opt. Call AA 8,700,181 Capital Appreciation, Election 2006 Refunding Series 2009C, 0.000%, 8/01/39 – AGM Insured El Rancho Unified School District, Los Angeles County, California, General Obligation Bonds, Election 2010 Series 2011A: 2,615 0.000%, 8/01/31 – AGM Insured (8) 8/28 at 100.00 A1 3,163,679 3,600 0.000%, 8/01/34 – AGM Insured (8) 8/28 at 100.00 A1 4,347,108 Foothill/Eastern Transportation Corridor Agency, California, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2015A: 3,960 0.000%, 1/15/34 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 3,042,508 5,000 0.010%, 1/15/35 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 3,727,700 Foothill/Eastern Transportation Corridor Agency, California, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2013A: 910 0.000%, 1/15/42 (8) 1/31 at 100.00 A– 1,145,963 6,610 6.000%, 1/15/49 (Pre-refunded 1/15/24) 1/24 at 100.00 A– (5) 7,430,169 4,445 Foothill/Eastern Transportation Corridor Agency, California, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, 7/29 at 100.00 A– 4,864,830 Refunding Term Rate Sub-Series 2013B-1, 3.500%, 1/15/53 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2018A-1: 9,795 5.000%, 6/01/47 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 10,030,178 6,240 5.250%, 6/01/47 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 6,400,742 10,250 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 10,496,102 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2018A-2, 5.000%, 6/01/47 Kern Community College District, California, General Obligation Bonds, Safety, Repair & Improvement, Election 2002 Series 2006: 5,600 0.000%, 11/01/24 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 5,516,672 5,795 0.000%, 11/01/25 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 5,628,046 1,090 Lincoln Public Financing Authority, Placer County, California, Twelve Bridges Limited 11/21 at 100.00 AA 1,092,932 Obligation Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2011A, 4.375%, 9/02/25 – AGM Insured 7,575 Mount San Antonio Community College District, Los Angeles County, California, General 8/35 at 100.00 Aa1 8,503,392 Obligation Bonds, Election of 2008, Series 2013A, 0.000%, 8/01/43 (8) 3,310 M-S-R Energy Authority, California, Gas Revenue Bonds, Citigroup Prepay Contracts, No Opt. Call A 5,174,788 Series 2009B, 6.500%, 11/01/39 Oceanside Unified School District, San Diego County, California, General Obligation Bonds, Capital Appreciation, 2008 Election Series 2009A: 530 0.000%, 8/01/26 – AGC Insured (ETM) No Opt. Call AA (5) 509,871 605 0.000%, 8/01/26 – AGC Insured (ETM) No Opt. Call Aa3 (5) 582,022 4,770 0.000%, 8/01/26 – AGC Insured No Opt. Call AA 4,531,500 225 0.000%, 8/01/28 – AGC Insured (ETM) No Opt. Call AA (5) 207,860 1,995 0.000%, 8/01/28 – AGC Insured No Opt. Call AA 1,808,268 525 Ontario Redevelopment Financing Authority, San Bernardino County, California, Revenue 11/21 at 100.00 N/R (5) 547,454 Bonds, Redevelopment Project 1, Series 1993, 5.850%, 8/01/22 – NPFG Insured (ETM) 3,905 Orange County, California, Special Tax Bonds, Community Facilities District 2015-1 8/25 at 100.00 N/R 4,206,076 Esencia Village, Series 2015A, 4.250%, 8/15/38 Palo Alto, California, Certificates of Participation, Public Safety Building, Series 2021: 2,560 2.000%, 11/01/42 11/30 at 100.00 AA+ 2,397,440 2,070 2.125%, 11/01/44 11/30 at 100.00 AA+ 1,944,330 34 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) $ 3,700 Palomar Pomerado Health, California, General Obligation Bonds, Capital Appreciation, No Opt. Call A2 $ 3,554,664 Election of 2004, Series 2007A, 0.000%, 8/01/25 – NPFG Insured 7,935 Palomar Pomerado Health, California, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2009A, 7.000%, 8/29 at 100.00 AA 11,045,758 8/01/38 – AGC Insured 9,145 Pittsburg Redevelopment Agency, California, Tax Allocation Bonds, Los Medanos Community No Opt. Call AA– 7,917,924 Development Project, Series 1999, 0.000%, 8/01/30 – AMBAC Insured 670 Riverside County Transportation Commission, California, Toll Revenue Senior Lien Bonds, 6/23 at 100.00 A 727,037 Series 2013A, 5.750%, 6/01/48 San Clemente, California, Special Tax Revenue Bonds, Community Facilities District 2006-1 Marblehead Coastal, Series 2015: 480 5.000%, 9/01/40 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 536,846 905 5.000%, 9/01/46 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,005,536 4,000 San Francisco Airports Commission, California, Revenue Bonds, San Francisco 5/23 at 100.00 A1 4,264,520 International Airport, Governmental Purpose, Second Series 2013B, 5.000%, 5/01/43 San Joaquin Hills Transportation Corridor Agency, Orange County, California, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2014A: 2,680 5.000%, 1/15/44 1/25 at 100.00 A– 2,987,101 8,275 5.000%, 1/15/50 1/25 at 100.00 A– 9,207,013 7,210 San Joaquin Hills Transportation Corridor Agency, Orange County, California, Toll Road No Opt. Call Baa2 7,061,546 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 1997A, 0.000%, 1/15/23 – NPFG Insured 3,400 San Mateo County Community College District, California, General Obligation Bonds, No Opt. Call AAA 2,989,620 Series 2006C, 0.000%, 9/01/30 – NPFG Insured 4,340 San Ysidro School District, San Diego County, California, General Obligation Bonds, 1997 No Opt. Call AA 3,336,722 Election Series 2012G, 0.000%, 8/01/34 – AGM Insured 5,690 San Ysidro School District, San Diego County, California, General Obligation Bonds, 8/25 at 41.10 AA 2,200,949 Refunding Series 2015, 0.000%, 8/01/42 Santa Ana Financing Authority, California, Lease Revenue Bonds, Police Administration and Housing Facility, Series 1994A: 3,575 6.250%, 7/01/24 (ETM) No Opt. Call Baa2 (5) 3,924,707 3,575 6.250%, 7/01/24 No Opt. Call Baa2 3,925,672 3,500 Saugus Union School District, Los Angeles County, California, General Obligation Bonds, No Opt. Call Aa1 3,465,560 Series 2006, 0.000%, 8/01/23 – FGIC Insured 610 Temecula Public Financing Authority, California, Special Tax Bonds, Community Facilities 9/27 at 100.00 N/R 675,435 District 16-01, Series 2017, 6.250%, 9/01/47, 144A 454,677 Total California 445,175,689 Colorado – 10.2% (6.6% of Total Investments) 4,300 Aerotropolis Regional Transportation Authority, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 12/26 at 103.00 N/R 4,263,708 2021, 4.375%, 12/01/52 850 Aviation Station North Metropolitan District 2, Denver County, Colorado, Limited Tax 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 906,568 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/39 Base Village Metropolitan District 2, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2016A: 883 5.500%, 12/01/36 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 911,230 1,175 5.750%, 12/01/46 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 1,212,483 1,100 Belleview Station Metropolitan District 2, Denver City and County, Colorado, General 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 1,137,158 Obligation Bonds, Limited Tax Convertible to Unlimited Tax Refunding & Improvement Series 2017, 5.000%, 12/01/36 700 Brighton Crossing Metropolitan District 4, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Limited 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 733,460 Tax Convertible to Unlimited Tax, Series 2017A, 5.000%, 12/01/47 3,410 Canyons Metropolitan District 5, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 3,568,838 and Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017A, 6.125%, 12/01/47 1,690 Canyons Metropolitan District 6, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 1,768,720 and Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017A, 6.125%, 12/01/47 35 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) Centerra Metropolitan District 1, Loveland, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017: $ 1,140 5.000%, 12/01/37, 144A 12/22 at 103.00 N/R $ 1,197,023 5,465 5.000%, 12/01/47, 144A 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 5,722,183 1,475 Centerra Metropolitan District 1, Loveland, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,602,720 Improvement Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/51 195 Central Platte Valley Metropolitan District, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, 12/23 at 100.00 BB+ 204,114 Refunding Series 2014, 5.000%, 12/01/43 1,200 Clear Creek Station Metropolitan District 2, Adams County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 1,255,572 Obligation Refunding & Improvement Series 2017A, 5.000%, 12/01/47 930 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, 8/26 at 100.00 A+ 971,273 Flagstaff Academy Project, Refunding Series 2016, 3.625%, 8/01/46 1,165 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, 12/24 at 100.00 A+ 1,273,310 The Classical Academy Project, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 12/01/38 3,675 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, 6/26 at 100.00 A+ 3,853,201 Vanguard School Project, Refunding & Improvement Series 2016, 3.750%, 6/15/47 1,750 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, 6/26 at 100.00 A+ 1,800,033 Weld County School District 6 – Frontier Academy, Refunding & Improvement Series 2016, 3.250%, 6/01/46 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, The Evangelical Lutheran Good Samaritan Society Project, Refunding Series 2017: 2,460 5.000%, 6/01/42 (Pre-refunded 6/01/27) 6/27 at 100.00 N/R (5) 3,001,741 23,470 5.000%, 6/01/47 (Pre-refunded 6/01/27) 6/27 at 100.00 N/R (5) 28,638,563 11,520 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Catholic Health 1/23 at 100.00 BBB+ (5) 12,182,861 Initiatives, Series 2013A, 5.250%, 1/01/45 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23) Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, CommonSpirit Health, Series 2019A-2: 2,585 4.000%, 8/01/49 8/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,871,754 3,320 4.000%, 8/01/49 (UB) (6) 8/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 3,688,288 4,900 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Covenant Living 12/27 at 103.00 A– 5,542,684 Communities & Services, Series 2020A, 4.000%, 12/01/50 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Covenant Retirement Communities Inc., Refunding Series 2012B: 1,640 5.000%, 12/01/22 (ETM) No Opt. Call A– (5) 1,725,149 2,895 5.000%, 12/01/23 (Pre-refunded 12/01/22) 12/22 at 100.00 A– (5) 3,045,308 4,200 5.000%, 12/01/24 (Pre-refunded 12/01/22) 12/22 at 100.00 A– (5) 4,418,064 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Evangelical Lutheran Good Samaritan Society Project, Series 2013: 765 5.500%, 6/01/33 (Pre-refunded 6/01/23) 6/23 at 100.00 N/R (5) 828,640 1,575 5.625%, 6/01/43 (Pre-refunded 6/01/23) 6/23 at 100.00 N/R (5) 1,709,127 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Evangelical Lutheran Good Samaritan Society Project, Series 2013A: 1,410 5.000%, 6/01/32 (Pre-refunded 6/01/25) 6/25 at 100.00 N/R (5) 1,637,870 2,000 5.000%, 6/01/33 (Pre-refunded 6/01/25) 6/25 at 100.00 N/R (5) 2,323,220 5,870 5.000%, 6/01/40 (Pre-refunded 6/01/25) 6/25 at 100.00 N/R (5) 6,818,651 6,920 5.000%, 6/01/45 (Pre-refunded 6/01/25) 6/25 at 100.00 N/R (5) 8,038,341 2,035 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Frasier Meadows Project, 5/27 at 100.00 BB+ 2,320,368 Refunding & Improvement Series 2017A, 5.250%, 5/15/47 13,610 Colorado Housing and Finance Authority, Multifamily Project Bonds, Class I Series 2020B, 10/29 at 100.00 AAA 13,655,866 2.350%, 10/01/43 4,105 Colorado International Center Metropolitan District 14, Denver, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 4,408,647 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2018, 5.875%, 12/01/46 600 Copperleaf Metropolitan District 4, Arapahoe County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 3/25 at 103.00 N/R 645,846 Obligation Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 36 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 1,480 Cornerstar Metropolitan District, Arapahoe County, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, 12/22 at 103.00 N/R $ 1,550,256 Limited Tax Convertible to Unlimited Tax, Refunding Series 2017A, 5.250%, 12/01/47 1,273 Cornerstar Metropolitan District, Arapahoe County, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 1,333,022 Limited Tax Convertible to Unlimited Tax, Refunding Series 2017B, 5.250%, 12/01/47 500 Crystal Crossing Metropolitan District, Colorado, General Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 538,250 Refunding Series 2016, 5.250%, 12/01/40 10,640 Denver City and County, Colorado, Airport System Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Lien Series 11/23 at 100.00 A+ 11,574,937 2013B, 5.000%, 11/15/43 505 Denver Connection West Metropolitan District, City and County of Denver, Colorado, Limited 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 529,917 Tax General Obligation Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2017A, 5.375%, 8/01/47 Denver Urban Renewal Authority, Colorado, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, 9th and Colorado Urban Redevelopement Area, Series 2018A: 485 5.250%, 12/01/39, 144A 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 526,118 2,310 5.250%, 12/01/39, 144A 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 2,506,743 11,700 E-470 Public Highway Authority, Colorado, Senior Revenue Bonds, Capital Appreciation No Opt. Call A 7,189,884 Series 2010A, 0.000%, 9/01/41 E-470 Public Highway Authority, Colorado, Senior Revenue Bonds, Series 1997B: 35,995 0.000%, 9/01/23 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 35,698,401 6,525 0.000%, 9/01/26 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 6,204,753 E-470 Public Highway Authority, Colorado, Senior Revenue Bonds, Series 2000B: 17,030 0.010%, 9/01/25 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 16,481,975 10,005 0.000%, 9/01/32 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 8,133,765 43,090 0.010%, 9/01/33 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 34,135,467 E-470 Public Highway Authority, Colorado, Toll Revenue Bonds, Series 2004A: 20,000 0.000%, 9/01/27 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 18,598,600 1,180 0.000%, 9/01/28 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 1,071,192 7,000 0.000%, 9/01/34 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 5,390,770 500 Flatiron Meadows Metropolitan District, Boulder County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 515,610 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2016, 5.125%, 12/01/46 590 Foothills Metropolitan District, Fort Collins, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 12/24 at 100.00 N/R 606,791 2014, 6.000%, 12/01/38 825 Forest Trace Metropolitan District 3, Aurora City, Arapahoe County, Colorado, General 12/21 at 103.00 N/R (5) 852,951 Obligation Bonds, Limited Tax Convertible to Unlimited Tax, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 12/01/46 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 1,355 Great Western Park Metropolitan District 2, Broomfield City and County, Colorado, 12/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,400,880 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 12/01/46 742 Green Gables Metropolitan District No. 1, Jefferson County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/21 at 103.00 N/R (5) 767,094 Bonds, Series 2016A, 5.300%, 12/01/46 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 700 Harmony Technology Park Metropolitan District 2, Fort Collins, Colorado, General 12/22 at 103.00 N/R (5) 755,286 Obligation Bonds, Limited Tax Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2017, 5.000%, 9/01/47 (Pre-refunded 12/01/22) 500 Iron Mountain Metropolitan District 2, Windsor, Weld County, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 534,725 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/39 Johnstown Plaza Metropolitan District, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A: 2,325 5.250%, 12/01/36 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 2,398,121 8,955 5.375%, 12/01/46 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 9,235,739 Lambertson Farms Metropolitan District 1, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2015: 1,005 5.750%, 12/15/46 12/23 at 100.00 N/R 865,757 5,355 6.000%, 12/15/50 12/23 at 100.00 N/R 4,692,640 980 Leyden Rock Metropolitan District No. 10, In the City of Arvada, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 1,013,183 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding and Improvement Series 20016A, 5.000%, 12/01/45 500 Littleton Village Metropolitan District No. 2, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation 11/21 at 103.00 N/R 515,665 and Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2015, 5.375%, 12/01/45 37 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 860 Mountain Shadows Metropolitan District, Colorado, General Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, 12/25 at 100.00 N/R $ 925,910 Refunding Series 2016, 5.000%, 12/01/35 5,155 North Range Metropolitan District 1, Adams County, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, 12/25 at 100.00 A2 5,440,587 Series 2016B, 3.500%, 12/01/45 North Range Metropolitan District 2, Adams County, Colorado , Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Special Revenue & Improvement Series 2017A: 1,000 5.625%, 12/01/37 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 1,056,020 1,000 5.750%, 12/01/47 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 1,054,590 585 Overlook Metropolitan District, Parker, Douglas County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 605,019 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2016A, 5.500%, 12/01/46 Painted Prairie Public Improvement Authority, Aurora, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2019: 3,380 5.000%, 12/01/39 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 3,677,271 6,900 5.000%, 12/01/49 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 7,449,102 Park 70 Metropolitan District, Aurora, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Limited Tax Refunding & Improvement Series 2016: 660 5.000%, 12/01/36 12/26 at 100.00 Baa3 754,360 1,060 5.000%, 12/01/46 12/26 at 100.00 Baa3 1,194,631 660 Park Creek Metropolitan District, Colorado, Senior Limited Property Tax Supported 12/25 at 100.00 A 744,282 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 12/01/45 665 Peak Metropolitan District 1, Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado, Limited Tax 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 725,854 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 12/01/41, 144A 2,760 Prairie Center Metropolitan District No. 3, In the City of Brighton, Adams County, 12/26 at 100.00 N/R 2,978,702 Colorado, Limited Property Tax Supported Primary Improvements Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2017A, 5.000%, 12/15/41, 144A 1,500 Rampart Range Metropolitan District 5, Lone Tree, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax 10/26 at 102.00 N/R 1,528,650 Supported and Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 4.000%, 12/01/41 Reata South Metropolitan District, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2018: 1,310 5.375%, 12/01/37 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,402,499 2,765 5.500%, 12/01/47 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 2,950,946 5,050 Regional Transportation District, Colorado, Private Activity Bonds, Denver Transit 1/31 at 100.00 A– 5,307,297 Partners Eagle P3 Project, Series 2020A, 3.000%, 7/15/37 1,280 Sierra Ridge Metropolitan District 2, Douglas County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 1,320,371 Bonds, Limited Tax Series 2016A, 5.500%, 12/01/46 930 SouthGlenn Metropolitan District, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 958,988 2016, 5.000%, 12/01/46 1,000 St. Vrain Lakes Metropolitan District No. 2, Weld County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 1,056,340 Obligation Bonds, Series 2017A, 5.000%, 12/01/37 STC Metropolitan District 2, Superior, Boulder County, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation and Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & improvement Series 2019A: 1,000 5.000%, 12/01/38 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,088,890 570 5.000%, 12/01/49 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 616,415 765 Sterling Ranch Community Authority Board, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/25 at 102.00 N/R 843,030 Supported District 2, Refunding & Improvement Senior Series 2020A, 4.250%, 12/01/50 2,765 Sterling Ranch Metropolitan District 1, El Paso County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 3,017,500 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2020, 5.125%, 12/01/50 500 Table Mountain Metropolitan District, Jefferson County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/21 at 103.00 N/R (5) 515,795 Obligation Bonds, Series 2016A, 5.250%, 12/01/45 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 500 The Village at Dry Creek Metropolitan District No. 2, In the City of Thornton, Adams 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 524,215 County, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation and Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2019, 4.375%, 12/01/44 38 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 500 Transport Metropolitan District 3, In the City of Aurora, Adams County, Colorado, 3/26 at 103.00 N/R $ 446,325 General Obligation Limited Bonds, Convertible Capital Appreciation Series 2021A-2, 5.500%, 12/01/51 (8) 900 Transport Metropolitan District 3, In the City of Aurora, Adams County, Colorado, 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 992,151 General Obligation Limited Bonds, Series 2021A-1, 5.000%, 12/01/51 8,500 University of Colorado Hospital Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Series 2012A, 11/22 at 100.00 AA 8,897,035 5.000%, 11/15/42 3,410 Vauxmont Metropolitan District, Arvada, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation and 12/29 at 100.00 AA 4,189,356 Special Revenue Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Refunding Subordinate Series 2020, 5.000%, 12/01/50 – AGM Insured 378,963 Total Colorado 377,763,205 Connecticut – 5.7% (3.7% of Total Investments) Bridgeport, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2014A: 2,345 5.000%, 7/01/32 – AGM Insured 7/24 at 100.00 AA 2,593,875 1,600 5.000%, 7/01/34 – AGM Insured 7/24 at 100.00 AA 1,766,912 2,800 Bridgeport, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2016D, 5.000%, 8/15/41 – 8/26 at 100.00 AA 3,282,188 AGM Insured Bridgeport, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2017A: 1,470 5.000%, 11/01/36 11/27 at 100.00 A 1,756,194 750 5.000%, 11/01/37 11/27 at 100.00 A 894,323 5,505 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds, Hartford 7/25 at 100.00 A+ 6,269,810 HealthCare, Series 2015F, 5.000%, 7/01/45 4,250 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Connecticut 7/26 at 100.00 A2 4,683,628 College, Refunding Series 2016L-1, 4.000%, 7/01/46 1,100 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Duncaster, Inc., 8/24 at 100.00 BBB 1,178,287 Series 2014A, 5.000%, 8/01/44 5,565 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Fairfield 7/26 at 100.00 A– 6,476,213 University, Series 2016Q-1, 5.000%, 7/01/46 500 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Hartford 7/24 at 100.00 A+ 555,395 HealthCare, Series 2014E, 5.000%, 7/01/42 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Healthcare Facility Expansion Church Home of Hartford Inc. Project, Series 2016A: 590 5.000%, 9/01/46, 144A 9/26 at 100.00 BB 649,083 740 5.000%, 9/01/53, 144A 9/26 at 100.00 BB 811,639 3,000 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Mary Wade Home 10/24 at 104.00 BB 3,274,380 Issue, Series 2019A-1, 5.000%, 10/01/54, 144A 1,915 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Middlesex 7/25 at 100.00 A3 2,184,019 Hospital, Series 2015O, 5.000%, 7/01/36 1,125 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Norwich Free 7/23 at 100.00 Aa3 (5) 1,194,604 Academy, Series 2013B, 4.000%, 7/01/34 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Nuvance Health Series 2019A: 1,000 4.000%, 7/01/41 7/29 at 100.00 A– 1,136,070 1,370 4.000%, 7/01/49 7/29 at 100.00 A– 1,530,646 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Quinnipiac University, Refunding Series 2015L: 10,105 4.125%, 7/01/41 7/25 at 100.00 A– 10,930,275 7,030 5.000%, 7/01/45 7/25 at 100.00 A– 7,827,553 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Quinnipiac University, Series 2016M: 500 5.000%, 7/01/34 7/26 at 100.00 A– 578,785 1,250 5.000%, 7/01/36 7/26 at 100.00 A– 1,443,038 6,145 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Sacred Heart 7/27 at 100.00 A 7,200,527 University, Series 2017I-1, 5.000%, 7/01/42 39 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Connecticut (continued) Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Stamford Hospital, Series 2012J: $ 1,000 5.000%, 7/01/37 7/22 at 100.00 BBB+ $ 1,031,190 8,055 5.000%, 7/01/42 7/22 at 100.00 BBB+ 8,306,235 4,000 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Stamford 7/26 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,361,200 Hospital, Series 2016K, 4.000%, 7/01/46 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Trinity Health Credit Group, Series 2016CT: 2,650 5.000%, 12/01/41 6/26 at 100.00 AA– 3,124,589 770 5.000%, 12/01/45 6/26 at 100.00 AA– 904,873 2,250 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, University of 7/28 at 100.00 BBB– 2,640,105 New Haven, Series 2018K-1, 5.000%, 7/01/38 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Yale-New Haven Health Issue, Series 2014E: 2,610 5.000%, 7/01/32 7/24 at 100.00 AA– 2,910,907 2,740 5.000%, 7/01/33 7/24 at 100.00 AA– 3,053,593 900 5.000%, 7/01/34 7/24 at 100.00 AA– 1,002,240 5,580 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Connecticut 11/23 at 100.00 Aa3 (5) 6,103,348 State University System, Series 2013N, 5.000%, 11/01/31 (Pre-refunded 11/01/23) Connecticut Municipal Electric Energy Cooperative, Power Supply System Revenue Bonds, Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XG0059: 1,295 17.876%, 1/01/32, 144A (IF) (6) 1/23 at 100.00 Aa3 1,560,410 410 17.709%, 1/01/38, 144A (IF) 1/23 at 100.00 Aa3 489,524 3,500 Connecticut State, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2014F, 5.000%, 11/15/34 11/24 at 100.00 Aa3 3,939,635 2,630 Connecticut State, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2015F, 5.000%, 11/15/34 11/25 at 100.00 Aa3 3,058,322 3,730 Connecticut State, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2017A, 5.000%, 4/15/35 4/27 at 100.00 Aa3 4,477,902 Connecticut State, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2018A: 3,500 5.000%, 4/15/35 (UB) (6) 4/28 at 100.00 Aa3 4,315,850 5,000 5.000%, 4/15/38 (UB) (6) 4/28 at 100.00 Aa3 6,134,850 3,855 Connecticut State, Special Tax Obligation Bonds, Transportation Infrastructure Purposes 10/23 at 100.00 AA– 4,178,126 Series 2013A, 5.000%, 10/01/33 1,380 Connecticut State, Special Tax Obligation Bonds, Transportation Infrastructure Purposes 8/25 at 100.00 AA– 1,593,955 Series 2015A, 5.000%, 8/01/33 Connecticut State, Special Tax Obligation Bonds, Transportation Infrastructure Purposes Series 2016A: 5,300 5.000%, 9/01/33 9/26 at 100.00 AA– 6,323,642 1,075 5.000%, 9/01/34 9/26 at 100.00 AA– 1,282,056 3,500 Connecticut State, Special Tax Obligation Bonds, Transportation Infrastructure Purposes, 9/24 at 100.00 AA– 3,931,095 Series 2014A, 5.000%, 9/01/33 Connecticut Transmission Municipal Electric Energy Cooperative, Transmission System Revenue Bonds, Series 2012A: 655 5.000%, 1/01/31 1/22 at 100.00 Aa3 660,148 500 5.000%, 1/01/32 1/22 at 100.00 Aa3 503,930 2,830 5.000%, 1/01/42 1/22 at 100.00 Aa3 2,852,244 Greater New Haven Water Pollution Control Authority, Connecticut, Regional Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2014B: 500 5.000%, 8/15/30 (Pre-refunded 8/15/24) 8/24 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 564,755 1,000 5.000%, 8/15/31 (Pre-refunded 8/15/24) 8/24 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 1,129,510 55 Greater New Haven Water Pollution Control Authority, Connecticut, Regional Wastewater 11/21 at 100.00 AA+ 55,200 System Revenue Bonds, Series 2005A, 5.000%, 8/15/35 – NPFG Insured 225 Hamden, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2016, 5.000%, 8/15/32 – 8/24 at 100.00 AA 249,795 BAM Insured 2,315 Harbor Point Infrastructure Improvement District, Connecticut, Special Obligation 4/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,633,012 Revenue Bonds, Harbor Point Project, Refunding Series 2017, 5.000%, 4/01/39, 144A 40 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Connecticut (continued) $ 10,015 Hartford County Metropolitan District, Connecticut, Clean Water Project Revenue Bonds, 11/24 at 100.00 Aa2 $ 11,385,953 Refunding Green Bond Series 2014A, 5.000%, 11/01/42 Hartford County Metropolitan District, Connecticut, Clean Water Project Revenue Bonds, Series 2013A: 4,100 5.000%, 4/01/36 (Pre-refunded 4/01/22) 4/22 at 100.00 Aa2 (5) 4,182,123 2,500 5.000%, 4/01/39 (Pre-refunded 4/01/22) 4/22 at 100.00 Aa2 (5) 2,550,075 2,285 Hartford County Metropolitan District, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 7/28 at 100.00 AA 2,802,255 2018, 5.000%, 7/15/36 870 Hartford, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2009A, 5.000%, 8/15/28 – 11/21 at 100.00 AA 873,062 AGC Insured Milford, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2018: 1,055 4.000%, 11/01/36 11/24 at 100.00 AA+ 1,142,227 1,055 4.000%, 11/01/37 11/24 at 100.00 AA+ 1,141,056 1,550 New Haven, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2016A, 5.000%, 8/26 at 100.00 AA 1,812,214 8/15/35 – AGM Insured 985 New Haven, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2014A, 5.000%, 8/01/33 – 8/24 at 100.00 AA 1,089,893 AGM Insured New Haven, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2015: 790 5.000%, 9/01/32 – AGM Insured 9/25 at 100.00 AA 904,740 1,620 5.000%, 9/01/33 – AGM Insured 9/25 at 100.00 AA 1,852,664 500 5.000%, 9/01/35 – AGM Insured 9/25 at 100.00 AA 570,800 New Haven, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2017A: 1,000 5.000%, 8/01/35 8/27 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,180,150 1,425 5.000%, 8/01/36 8/27 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,678,493 900 North Haven, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2006, 5.000%, 7/15/24 No Opt. Call Aa1 1,013,454 795 South Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority Water System Revenue Bonds, Thirtieth 8/24 at 100.00 AA– (5) 896,529 Series 2014A, 5.000%, 8/01/44 (Pre-refunded 8/01/24) South Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority, Water System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Thirty-Second Series 2016B: 2,715 4.000%, 8/01/36 8/26 at 100.00 AA– 3,070,882 2,220 5.000%, 8/01/37 8/26 at 100.00 AA– 2,634,829 3,250 South Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority, Water System Revenue Bonds, 8/22 at 100.00 AA– (5) 3,367,098 Twenty-Seventh Series 2012, 5.000%, 8/01/33 (Pre-refunded 8/01/22) 500 Stamford, Connecticut, Water Pollution Control System and Facility Revenue Bonds, Series 8/23 at 100.00 AA+ 541,150 2013A, 5.250%, 8/15/43 Stamford, Connecticut, Water Pollution Control System and Facility Revenue Bonds, Series 2019: 200 4.000%, 4/01/37 4/29 at 100.00 AA+ 234,344 250 4.000%, 4/01/38 4/29 at 100.00 AA+ 292,375 1,285 Steel Point Infrastructure Improvement District, Connecticut, Special Obligation Revenue 4/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,321,982 Bonds, Steelpointe Harbor Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 4/01/51 600 Stratford, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2014, 5.000%, 12/15/32 12/22 at 100.00 AA– (5) 632,088 (Pre-refunded 12/15/22) 1,500 Stratford, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2017, 4.000%, 1/01/39 – 1/27 at 100.00 AA 1,675,320 BAM Insured 1,000 Town of Hamden, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2018A, 5.000%, 8/28 at 100.00 AA 1,224,440 8/15/30 – BAM Insured 2,500 University of Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 8/15/32 8/23 at 100.00 Aa3 2,684,450 760 University of Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2014A, 5.000%, 2/15/31 2/24 at 100.00 Aa3 835,020 2,250 University of Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 3/15/31 3/26 at 100.00 Aa3 2,635,110 41 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Connecticut (continued) Waterbury, Connecticut, General Obligation Bonds, Lot A Series 2015: $ 445 5.000%, 8/01/30 – BAM Insured 8/25 at 100.00 AA $ 512,569 390 5.000%, 8/01/31 – BAM Insured 8/25 at 100.00 AA 449,062 610 5.000%, 8/01/32 – BAM Insured 8/25 at 100.00 AA 701,890 445 5.000%, 8/01/33 – BAM Insured 8/25 at 100.00 AA 511,679 445 5.000%, 8/01/34 – BAM Insured 8/25 at 100.00 AA 511,145 187,275 Total Connecticut 210,500,806 Delaware – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) Kent County, Delaware, Student Housing & Dining Facility Revenue Bonds, Collegiate Housing Foundation – Dover LLC Delaware State University Project, Series 2018A: 2,585 5.000%, 7/01/53 1/28 at 100.00 BB– 2,863,120 1,000 5.000%, 7/01/58 1/28 at 100.00 BB– 1,104,630 3,585 Total Delaware 3,967,750 District of Columbia – 2.6% (1.7% of Total Investments) 3,780 District of Columbia Student Dormitory Revenue Bonds, Provident Group – Howard 10/22 at 100.00 BB– 3,898,503 Properties LLC Issue, Series 2013, 5.000%, 10/01/45 2,570 District of Columbia Tobacco Settlement Corporation, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed No Opt. Call A– 2,816,155 Bonds, Series 2001, 6.500%, 5/15/33 186,000 District of Columbia Tobacco Settlement Corporation, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 11/21 at 22.08 N/R 40,879,080 Bonds, Series 2006A, 0.000%, 6/15/46 1,500 District of Columbia, Revenue Bonds, Ingleside at Rock Creek Project, Series 2017A, 7/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,601,685 5.000%, 7/01/42 1,810 Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, Virginia, Dulles Toll Road Revenue Bonds, 10/29 at 100.00 AA 2,059,255 Dulles Metrorail & Capital improvement Projects, Refunding & Subordinate Lien Series 2019B, 4.000%, 10/01/53 – AGM Insured 3,000 Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, Virginia, Dulles Toll Road Revenue Bonds, 10/28 at 100.00 A 3,675,450 Dulles Metrorail & Capital Improvement Projects, Refunding First Senior Lien Series 2019A, 5.000%, 10/01/44 14,945 Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, Virginia, Dulles Toll Road Revenue Bonds, 4/22 at 100.00 A– 15,231,346 Dulles Metrorail & Capital Improvement Projects, Refunding Second Senior Lien Series 2014A, 5.000%, 10/01/53 11,000 Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, Virginia, Dulles Toll Road Revenue Bonds, 10/26 at 100.00 AA 13,848,230 Dulles Metrorail & Capital improvement Projects, Second Senior Lien Series 2009C, 6.500%, 10/01/41 – AGC Insured 10,000 Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, Virginia, Dulles Toll Road Revenue Bonds, 10/28 at 100.00 A– 13,169,800 Dulles Metrorail Capital Appreciation, Second Senior Lien Series 2010B, 6.500%, 10/01/44 234,605 Total District of Columbia 97,179,504 Florida – 4.5% (2.9% of Total Investments) 990 Bexley Community Development District, Pasco County, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,057,211 Bonds, Series 2016, 4.700%, 5/01/36 1,000 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Educational Facilities Lease Revenue Bonds, Franklin 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,065,810 Academy Projects, Series 2020, 5.000%, 12/15/50, 144A Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Babcock Neighborhood School Inc, Series 2018: 1,290 6.100%, 8/15/38, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,413,389 1,045 6.200%, 8/15/48, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,131,934 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Babcock Neighborhood School Inc, Series 2021: 1,040 4.000%, 8/15/51, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 984,474 1,000 4.250%, 8/15/61, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 941,510 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Odyssey Charter School Project, Series 2017A: 1,065 5.375%, 7/01/37, 144A 7/27 at 100.00 Ba1 1,211,853 1,470 5.500%, 7/01/47, 144A 7/27 at 100.00 Ba1 1,656,778 42 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 5,225 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Provision CARES Proton Therapy Center, 6/28 at 100.00 N/R $ 2,860,740 Orlando Project, Series 2018, 7.500%, 6/01/48, 144A (4), (7) Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Renaissance Charter School Project, Series 2017A: 6,050 5.125%, 6/15/37, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 6,693,296 1,885 5.250%, 6/15/47, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,074,405 880 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Viera Charter School Project, Series 10/27 at 100.00 Ba2 983,409 2017A, 5.000%, 10/15/37, 144A 735 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Viera Charter School Project, Series 10/27 at 100.00 Ba2 807,434 2019A, 5.000%, 10/15/49, 144A 4,670 City of Miami Beach, Florida, Stormwater Revenue Bonds, Series 2015, 5.000%, 9/01/41 9/25 at 100.00 AA– 5,357,751 1,025 Cityplace Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment and Revenue No Opt. Call A 1,145,991 Bonds, Refunding Series 2012, 5.000%, 5/01/26 1,480 Collier County Educational Facilities Authority, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Hodges 11/23 at 100.00 N/R (5) 1,646,278 University, Refunding Series 2013, 6.125%, 11/01/43 (Pre-refunded 11/01/23) Creekside at Twin Creeks Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Area 1 Project, Series 2016A-1: 240 5.250%, 11/01/37 11/28 at 100.00 N/R 269,539 305 5.600%, 11/01/46 11/28 at 100.00 N/R 345,281 Davie, Florida, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Nova Southeastern University Project, Series 2013A: 3,445 6.000%, 4/01/42 (Pre-refunded 4/01/23) 4/23 at 100.00 Baa1 (5) 3,722,219 1,720 5.625%, 4/01/43 (Pre-refunded 4/01/23) 4/23 at 100.00 Baa1 (5) 1,850,084 Downtown Doral Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Series 2015: 280 5.250%, 5/01/35 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 300,345 315 5.300%, 5/01/36 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 337,860 475 5.500%, 5/01/45 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 511,879 655 5.500%, 5/01/46 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 705,566 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Classical Preparatory Incorporated Project, Series 2017A: 255 6.000%, 6/15/37, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 273,967 665 6.125%, 6/15/46, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 710,147 415 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Classical 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 445,868 Preparatory Incorporated Project, Series 2018A, 6.000%, 6/15/37, 144A Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Downtown Doral Charter Upper School Project, Series 2017C: 2,375 5.650%, 7/01/37, 144A 7/27 at 101.00 N/R 2,683,418 3,735 5.750%, 7/01/47, 144A 7/27 at 101.00 N/R 4,173,452 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Florida Charter Foundation Inc. Projects, Series 2016A: 2,075 4.750%, 7/15/36, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 2,226,475 1,335 5.000%, 7/15/46, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,433,950 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Mater Academy Projects, Series 2020A: 4,330 5.000%, 6/15/50, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 BBB 4,913,208 3,405 5.000%, 6/15/55, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 BBB 3,852,042 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Renaissance Charter School Income Projects, Series 2015A: 3,090 6.000%, 6/15/35, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 3,471,028 3,450 6.125%, 6/15/46, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 3,839,954 550 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, 6/24 at 100.00 N/R 591,525 Renaissance Charter School, Inc. Projects, Series 2014A, 6.125%, 6/15/44 4,380 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Southwest 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 4,673,679 Charter Foundation Inc Projects, Series 2017A, 6.125%, 6/15/47, 144A 43 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, The Florida Charter Educational Foundation Inc. Projects, Series 2016A: $ 1,485 6.250%, 6/15/36, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,719,437 4,350 6.375%, 6/15/46, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 4,990,842 5,500 Florida Housing Finance Corporation, Homeowner Mortgage Revenue Bonds, Social Series 7/30 at 100.00 Aaa 5,282,310 2021-2, 2.200%, 7/01/46 1,435 Grand Bay at Doral Community Development District, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Special 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,519,450 Assessment Bonds, South Parcel Assessment Area Project, Series 2016, 4.750%, 5/01/36 600 Jacksonville, Florida, Better Jacksonville Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 10/22 at 100.00 Aa3 625,842 2012, 5.000%, 10/01/30 2,215 Jacksonville, Florida, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Jacksonville University 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 2,527,381 Project, Series 2018B, 5.000%, 6/01/53, 144A 625 Lakewood Ranch Stewardship District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Del Webb 5/27 at 100.00 N/R 689,913 Project, Series 2017, 5.000%, 5/01/37, 144A 4,125 Martin County Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Martin 11/24 at 100.00 N/R (5) 4,696,972 Memorial Medical Center, Series 2015, 5.000%, 11/15/45 (Pre-refunded 11/15/24) Miami Dade County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, South Florida Autism Charter School Project, Series 2017: 1,080 5.875%, 7/01/37, 144A 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,182,794 1,920 6.000%, 7/01/47, 144A 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,083,392 5,965 Miami Dade County, Florida, Rickenbacker Causeway Revenue Bonds, Series 2014, 10/24 at 100.00 A– 6,626,041 5.000%, 10/01/43 2,130 Miami Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Miami 7/27 at 100.00 BB+ 2,152,259 Jewish Health System Inc. Project, Series 2017, 5.125%, 7/01/46 5,000 Miami-Dade County Expressway Authority, Florida, Toll System Revenue Bonds, Series 7/24 at 100.00 A 5,517,600 2014A, 5.000%, 7/01/44 2,400 Miami-Dade County, Florida, Special Obligation Bonds, Refunding Subordinate Series 10/22 at 100.00 A+ (5) 2,505,624 2012B, 5.000%, 10/01/37 (Pre-refunded 10/01/22) 6,305 Miami-Dade County, Florida, Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 10/22 at 100.00 AA– (5) 6,582,483 10/01/42 (Pre-refunded 10/01/22) 4,785 Northern Palm Beach County Improvement District, Florida, Water Control and Improvement 8/26 at 100.00 N/R 5,382,407 Bonds, Development Unit 53, Series 2015, 5.350%, 8/01/35 4,270 Orange County Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Orlando 4/22 at 100.00 A+ (5) 4,354,631 Health, Inc., Series 2012A, 5.000%, 10/01/42 (Pre-refunded 4/01/22) Osceola County, Florida, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Osceola Parkway, Refunding & Improvement Series 2019A-1: 1,245 5.000%, 10/01/44 10/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,532,421 1,645 5.000%, 10/01/49 10/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,012,756 3,345 4.000%, 10/01/54 10/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 3,777,575 230 Palm Beach County Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Sinai Residences 6/22 at 102.00 N/R 241,226 of Boca Raton Project, Series 2014A, 7.250%, 6/01/34 825 Reunion West Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Area 3 11/26 at 100.00 N/R 888,665 Project, Series 2016, 5.000%, 11/01/46 220 Seminole County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Educational Facilities 6/31 at 100.00 Ba1 240,761 Revenue Bonds, Galileo Schools for Gifted Learning, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 6/15/51, 144A Six Mile Creek Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, Assessment Area 2, Series 2016: 200 4.750%, 11/01/28 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 213,140 375 5.375%, 11/01/36 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 412,740 920 South Fork III Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue 5/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,013,996 Bonds, Refunding Series 2016, 5.375%, 5/01/37 4,120 Tampa, Florida, Health System Revenue Bonds, Baycare Health System, Series 2012A, 5/22 at 100.00 Aa2 4,219,045 5.000%, 11/15/33 44 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 560 Tampa, Florida, Healthcare System Revenue Bonds, Allegany Health System – St. Joseph’s 11/21 at 100.00 N/R (5) $ 587,451 Hospital, Series 1993, 5.125%, 12/01/23 – NPFG Insured (ETM) 1,735 Tampa, Florida, Revenue Bonds, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Institute, 7/30 at 100.00 A2 2,128,325 Series 2020B, 5.000%, 7/01/50 10,105 Tampa-Hillsborough County Expressway Authority, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 7/22 at 100.00 A2 (5) 10,427,147 2012B, 5.000%, 7/01/42 (Pre-refunded 7/01/22) 5,000 Volusia County Educational Facilities Authority, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Stetson 6/25 at 100.00 A– 5,664,500 University Inc. Project, Series 2015, 5.000%, 6/01/40 153,060 Total Florida 164,162,875 Georgia – 3.1% (2.0% of Total Investments) 13,235 Burke County Development Authority, Georgia, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, Georgia 5/31 at 100.00 AA– 13,148,973 Transmission Corporation Vogtle Project, Series 2012, 2.750%, 1/01/52 5,715 Burke County Development Authority, Georgia, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, Oglethorpe 2/28 at 100.00 BBB+ 6,415,202 Power Corporation Vogtle Project, Series 2017C, 4.125%, 11/01/45 11,255 Burke County Development Authority, Georgia, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, Oglethorpe 2/28 at 100.00 BBB+ 12,633,963 Power Corporation Vogtle Project, Series 2017D, 4.125%, 11/01/45 2,000 Fairburn, Georgia, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2011, 5.750%, 12/01/31 (Pre-refunded 12/21 at 100.00 AA (5) 2,009,060 12/01/21) – AGM Insured 10,000 Fulton County Development Authority, Georgia, Revenue Bonds, Piedmont Healthcare, Inc. 7/29 at 100.00 AA– 11,383,400 Project, Series 2019A, 4.000%, 7/01/49 15,305 Gainesville and Hall County Hospital Authority, Georgia, Revenue Anticipation 2/25 at 100.00 AA (5) 17,800,786 Certificates, Northeast Georgia Health Services Inc., Series 2014A, 5.500%, 8/15/54 (Pre-refunded 2/15/25) Georgia Housing and Finance Authority, Single Family Mortgage Bonds, Series 2018A: 2,730 3.950%, 12/01/43 6/27 at 100.00 AAA 2,836,770 4,085 4.000%, 12/01/48 6/27 at 100.00 AAA 4,243,743 1,300 Macon-Bibb County Urban Development Authority, Georgia, Revenue Bonds, Academy for 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,493,700 Classical Education, Series 2017, 5.750%, 6/15/37, 144A 4,000 Marietta Development Authority, Georgia, University Facilities Revenue Bonds, Life 11/27 at 100.00 Ba3 4,367,240 University, Inc. Project, Refunding Series 2017A, 5.000%, 11/01/47, 144A 10,825 Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia, Plant Vogtle Units 3 & 4 Project J Bonds, 7/25 at 100.00 A 12,215,255 Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/60 Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia, Plant Vogtle Units 3 & 4 Project J Bonds, Series 2019A: 8,680 5.000%, 1/01/49 7/28 at 100.00 A 10,416,347 4,000 5.000%, 1/01/59 7/28 at 100.00 A 4,780,360 1,000 Private Colleges and Universities Authority, Georgia, Revenue Bonds, Mercer University, 10/22 at 100.00 Baa1 1,041,240 Refunding Series 2012C, 5.250%, 10/01/27 10,090 Private Colleges and Universities Authority, Georgia, Revenue Bonds, Mercer University, 10/25 at 100.00 Baa1 11,371,228 Series 2015, 5.000%, 10/01/40 104,220 Total Georgia 116,157,267 Guam – 0.5% (0.3% of Total Investments) 1,500 Government of Guam, Business Privilege Tax Bonds, Refunding Series 2015D, 11/25 at 100.00 BB 1,685,400 5.000%, 11/15/39 Government of Guam, Business Privilege Tax Bonds, Series 2011A: 840 5.250%, 1/01/36 1/22 at 100.00 BB 846,880 3,200 5.125%, 1/01/42 1/22 at 100.00 BB 3,225,536 Guam Government Waterworks Authority, Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2017: 1,335 5.000%, 7/01/36 7/27 at 100.00 A– 1,535,744 890 5.000%, 7/01/40 7/27 at 100.00 A– 1,019,611 45 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Guam (continued) $ 3,695 Guam Government Waterworks Authority, Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, Series 7/23 at 100.00 A– (5) $ 4,005,860 2013, 5.500%, 7/01/43 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) 235 Guam Government Waterworks Authority, Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, Series 7/26 at 100.00 A– 262,528 2016, 5.000%, 1/01/46 4,770 Guam Government Waterworks Authority, Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, Series 7/30 at 100.00 A– 5,750,807 2020A, 5.000%, 1/01/50 250 Guam Power Authority, Revenue Bonds, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 10/01/34 – AGM Insured 10/22 at 100.00 AA 258,980 16,715 Total Guam 18,591,346 Hawaii – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 1,500 Hawaii Department of Budget and Finance, Special Purpose Revenue Bonds, Chaminade 1/25 at 100.00 BB+ 1,552,995 University of Honolulu, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 1/01/45, 144A 5,000 Hawaii Department of Budget and Finance, Special Purpose Revenue Bonds, Hawaii Pacific 7/23 at 100.00 AA– 5,385,800 Health Obligated Group, Series 2013A, 5.500%, 7/01/43 170 Hawaii Department of Budget and Finance, Special Purpose Revenue Bonds, Hawaii Pacific 7/23 at 100.00 BB 182,126 University, Series 2013A, 6.875%, 7/01/43 5,075 Hawaii Department of Budget and Finance, Special Purpose Revenue Bonds, Queens Health 7/25 at 100.00 AA– 5,505,360 Systems, Series 2015A, 4.000%, 7/01/40 11,745 Total Hawaii 12,626,281 Idaho – 1.1% (0.7% of Total Investments) Idaho Health Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Kootenai Health Project, Series 2014: 3,300 4.375%, 7/01/34, 144A 7/24 at 100.00 A 3,558,489 12,495 4.750%, 7/01/44, 144A 7/24 at 100.00 A 13,238,452 1,250 Idaho Health Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Madison Memorial Hospital Project, 9/26 at 100.00 BB+ 1,416,888 Refunding Series 2016, 5.000%, 9/01/37 8,730 Idaho Health Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Saint Luke’s Health System Project, 3/22 at 100.00 A 8,846,196 Series 2012A, 5.000%, 3/01/47 1,000 Idaho Health Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Saint Luke’s Health System Project, 3/24 at 100.00 A 1,057,040 Series 2014A, 4.125%, 3/01/37 Idaho Housing and Finance Association NonProfit Facilities Revenue Bonds, Gem Prep Meridian North LLC, Series 2020A.: 500 5.000%, 7/01/40, 144A 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 511,715 1,415 5.250%, 7/01/55, 144A 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,447,503 10,055 Spring Valley Community Infrastructure District 1, Eagle, Idaho, Special Assessment 12/26 at 103.00 N/R 10,071,390 Bonds, Series 2021, 3.750%, 9/01/51, 144A 38,745 Total Idaho 40,147,673 Illinois – 23.4% (15.0% of Total Investments) 675 Bolingbrook, Will and DuPage Counties, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding 7/23 at 100.00 A2 (5) 728,548 Series 2013A, 5.000%, 1/01/25 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) 67,135 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, Dedicated Capital Improvement Tax Revenue Bonds, 4/27 at 100.00 A– 80,821,888 Series 2016, 6.000%, 4/01/46 1,000 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, Dedicated Capital Improvement Tax Revenue Bonds, 4/27 at 100.00 A– 1,151,450 Series 2017, 5.000%, 4/01/46 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues Series 2011A: 6,210 5.500%, 12/01/39 12/21 at 100.00 BB 6,231,797 1,810 5.000%, 12/01/41 12/21 at 100.00 BB 1,815,557 5,245 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues 12/22 at 100.00 BB 5,443,261 Series 2012A, 5.000%, 12/01/42 8,400 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/27 at 100.00 BB 10,827,348 Refunding Series 2017B, 7.000%, 12/01/42, 144A 46 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, Refunding Series 2017H: $ 5,835 5.000%, 12/01/36 12/27 at 100.00 BB $ 6,881,391 4,940 5.000%, 12/01/46 12/27 at 100.00 BB 5,751,840 6,055 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/28 at 100.00 BB 7,175,720 Refunding Series 2018D, 5.000%, 12/01/46 38,905 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/25 at 100.00 BB 46,584,458 Series 2016A, 7.000%, 12/01/44 14,805 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/26 at 100.00 BB 18,011,023 Series 2016B, 6.500%, 12/01/46 19,585 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/27 at 100.00 BB 25,105,228 Series 2017A, 7.000%, 12/01/46, 144A 1,410 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, Unlimited Tax General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated No Opt. Call Baa2 1,179,832 Tax Revenues, Series 1998B-1, 0.000%, 12/01/30 – NPFG Insured Chicago Transit Authority, Illinois, Sales Tax Receipts Revenue Bonds, Second Lien Series 2020A: 1,405 4.000%, 12/01/50 12/29 at 100.00 A+ 1,598,918 2,585 5.000%, 12/01/55 12/29 at 100.00 A+ 3,124,076 1,100 Chicago Transit Authority, Illinois, Sales Tax Receipts Revenue Bonds, Series 2011, 12/21 at 100.00 AA (5) 1,104,521 5.250%, 12/01/40 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 12,215 Chicago Transit Authority, Illinois, Sales Tax Receipts Revenue Bonds, Series 2014, 12/24 at 100.00 AA 13,859,994 5.250%, 12/01/49 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, City Colleges, Series 1999: 1,500 0.000%, 1/01/31 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 1,239,015 32,670 0.000%, 1/01/32 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 26,189,905 12,360 0.000%, 1/01/37 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 8,454,734 2,500 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project & Refunding Series 2014A, 1/24 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,704,975 5.250%, 1/01/33 17,605 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project & Refunding Series 2017A, 1/27 at 100.00 BBB+ 21,381,977 6.000%, 1/01/38 1,000 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project Series 2011A, 5.250%, 1/01/35 11/21 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,007,620 10,200 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project Series 2012A, 5.000%, 1/01/33 1/22 at 100.00 BBB+ 10,261,404 2,605 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2016C, 5.000%, 1/01/38 1/26 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,949,094 3,000 Chicago, Illinois, Wastewater Transmission Revenue Bonds, Second Lien Series 2008C, 1/25 at 100.00 A 3,380,010 5.000%, 1/01/39 10,000 Cook County Community College District 508, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Chicago 12/23 at 100.00 A+ 10,663,100 City Colleges, Series 2013, 5.250%, 12/01/43 Illinois Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Field Museum of Natural History, Series 2002.RMKT: 2,500 4.450%, 11/01/36 11/25 at 102.00 A2 2,876,175 3,400 5.500%, 11/01/36 11/23 at 100.00 A 3,738,504 Illinois Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Intrinsic Charter Schools Belmont School Project, Series 2015A: 1,700 5.750%, 12/01/35, 144A 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,917,957 115 6.000%, 12/01/45, 144A 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 129,424 Illinois Finance Authority, Health Services Facility Lease Revenue Bonds, Provident Group – UIC Surgery Center, LLC – University of Illinois Health Services Facility Project, Series 2020: 3,835 4.000%, 10/01/50 10/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,268,892 5,190 4.000%, 10/01/55 10/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 5,750,780 47 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Ascension Health/fkaPresence Health Network, Series 2016C: $ 80 4.000%, 2/15/41 (Pre-refunded 2/15/27) 2/27 at 100.00 N/R (5) $ 92,833 1,755 4.000%, 2/15/41 (Pre-refunded 2/15/27) 2/27 at 100.00 N/R (5) 2,036,520 37,840 4.000%, 2/15/41 2/27 at 100.00 AA+ 42,383,070 6,750 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Centegra Health System, Series 2012, 5.000%, 9/22 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 7,019,122 9/01/38 (Pre-refunded 9/01/22) Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Centegra Health System, Series 2014A: 1,485 5.000%, 9/01/34 (Pre-refunded 9/01/24) 9/24 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 1,677,768 19,025 5.000%, 9/01/42 (Pre-refunded 9/01/24) 9/24 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 21,494,635 1,750 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Ingalls Health System, Series 2013, 4.250%, 5/22 at 100.00 A1 (5) 1,787,083 5/15/43 (Pre-refunded 5/15/22) 4,000 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Lutheran Home and Services, Series 2019A, 11/26 at 103.00 N/R 4,385,480 5.000%, 11/01/49 15,805 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Mercy Health Corporation, Series 2016, 6/26 at 100.00 A3 18,348,183 5.000%, 12/01/46 1,630 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Northwestern Memorial HealthCare, Series 8/22 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 1,691,793 2013, 5.000%, 8/15/37 (Pre-refunded 8/15/22) 1,435 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago, Series 7/23 at 100.00 A– 1,529,567 2013A, 6.000%, 7/01/43 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Rosalind Franklin University Research Building Project, Series 2017C: 1,000 5.000%, 8/01/42 8/27 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,154,070 1,000 5.000%, 8/01/46 8/27 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,147,220 1,000 5.000%, 8/01/47 8/27 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,146,410 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Silver Cross Hospital and Medical Centers, Refunding Series 2015C: 560 5.000%, 8/15/35 8/25 at 100.00 A3 642,365 6,140 5.000%, 8/15/44 8/25 at 100.00 A3 7,020,906 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, University of Chicago, Refunding Series 2015A: 2,235 5.000%, 10/01/46 (UB) 10/25 at 100.00 AA+ 2,573,625 17,765 5.000%, 10/01/46 (Pre-refunded 10/01/25) (UB) (6) 10/25 at 100.00 N/R (5) 20,821,468 5,670 Illinois Housing Development Authority, Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, Series 2021C, 7/30 at 100.00 Aaa 5,682,020 2.850%, 7/01/56 3,665 Illinois Sports Facility Authority, State Tax Supported Bonds, Refunding Series 2014, 6/24 at 100.00 AA 4,018,196 5.250%, 6/15/31 – AGM Insured Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, December Series 2017A: 11,800 5.000%, 12/01/38 12/27 at 100.00 BBB 13,702,278 1,330 5.000%, 12/01/39 12/27 at 100.00 BBB 1,541,018 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, February Series 2014: 3,275 5.000%, 2/01/24 No Opt. Call BBB 3,595,655 1,575 5.250%, 2/01/34 2/24 at 100.00 BBB 1,725,932 7,500 5.000%, 2/01/39 2/24 at 100.00 BBB 8,145,600 5,200 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, January Series 2016, 5.000%, 1/01/29 1/26 at 100.00 BBB 6,027,684 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, May Series 2014: 510 5.000%, 5/01/36 5/24 at 100.00 BBB 559,521 1,915 5.000%, 5/01/39 5/24 at 100.00 BBB 2,095,968 4,460 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, May Series 2020, 5.500%, 5/01/39 5/30 at 100.00 BBB 5,536,956 13,200 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2016, 5.000%, 11/01/41 11/26 at 100.00 BBB 15,155,448 31,485 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2017C, 5.000%, 11/01/29 11/27 at 100.00 BBB 37,315,077 2,040 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2017D, 5.000%, 11/01/27 No Opt. Call BBB 2,447,266 5,000 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2019B, 4.000%, 11/01/35 11/29 at 100.00 BBB 5,639,250 5,000 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, October Series 2016, 5.000%, 2/01/29 2/27 at 100.00 BBB 5,856,550 48 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) $ 1,190 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2012, 5.000%, 8/01/25 8/22 at 100.00 BBB $ 1,229,901 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2013: 2,000 5.250%, 7/01/31 7/23 at 100.00 BBB 2,148,000 4,140 5.500%, 7/01/38 7/23 at 100.00 BBB 4,453,025 5,000 Illinois Toll Highway Authority, Toll Highway Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2013A, 1/23 at 100.00 AA– 5,264,150 5.000%, 1/01/35 18,920 Illinois Toll Highway Authority, Toll Highway Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2015A, 7/25 at 100.00 AA– 21,636,723 5.000%, 1/01/40 10,000 Illinois Toll Highway Authority, Toll Highway Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2019A, 7/29 at 100.00 AA– 12,270,800 5.000%, 1/01/44 12,010 Illinois Toll Highway Authority, Toll Highway Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2020A, 1/31 at 100.00 AA– 15,016,703 5.000%, 1/01/45 1,395 Illinois Toll Highway Authority, Toll Highway Revenue Bonds, Tender Option Bond Trust 1/23 at 100.00 AA– 1,688,745 2015-XF0052, 17.687%, 1/01/38, 144A (IF) 17,510 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project 6/22 at 100.00 BBB+ 18,019,541 Bonds, Refunding Series 2012B, 5.000%, 6/15/52 540 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project 12/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 605,183 Bonds, Refunding Series 2015B, 5.000%, 6/15/52 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Refunding Series 2020A: 12,325 4.000%, 6/15/50 12/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 13,611,237 15,160 5.000%, 6/15/50 12/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 17,916,694 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Refunding Series 2022A: 2,910 4.000%, 12/15/42, (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 100.00 BBB+ 3,275,612 4,320 4.000%, 12/15/47, (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,814,770 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Series 2015A: 2,890 0.000%, 12/15/52 No Opt. Call BBB+ 1,105,512 5,185 5.000%, 6/15/53 12/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 5,810,881 5,700 5.500%, 6/15/53 12/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 6,500,394 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, Revenue Bonds, McCormick Place Expansion Project, Capital Appreciation Refunding Series 2010B-1: 25,000 0.010%, 6/15/44 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 13,470,000 43,200 0.000%, 6/15/45 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 22,470,480 10,000 0.010%, 6/15/46 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 5,038,400 8,750 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, Revenue Bonds, McCormick Place No Opt. Call BBB+ 7,798,087 Expansion Project, Series 1994B, 0.000%, 6/15/28 – NPFG Insured Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, Revenue Bonds, McCormick Place Expansion Project, Series 2002A: 18,085 0.000%, 12/15/24 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 17,525,088 20,045 0.000%, 12/15/35 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 14,462,868 9,010 0.000%, 6/15/37 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 6,083,912 465 Morton Grove, Illinois, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Sawmill Station Redevelopment 1/26 at 100.00 N/R 479,899 Project, Senior Lien Series 2019, 5.000%, 1/01/39 1,842 Plano, Illinois, Special Tax Bonds, Special Service Area 1 & 2 Lakewood Springs Project, 3/24 at 100.00 AA 1,988,771 Refunding Series 2014, 5.000%, 3/01/34 – AGM Insured 2,600 Regional Transportation Authority, Cook, DuPage, Kane, Lake, McHenry and Will Counties, No Opt. Call AA+ 3,439,410 Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2000A, 6.500%, 7/01/30 – NPFG Insured 7,025 Southwestern Illinois Development Authority, Health Facility Revenue Bonds, Memorial 11/23 at 100.00 N/R (5) 8,031,401 Group, Inc., Series 2013, 7.625%, 11/01/48 (Pre-refunded 11/01/23) 4,000 Southwestern Illinois Development Authority, School Revenue Bonds, Triad School District No Opt. Call A 3,799,320 2, Madison County, Illinois, Series 2006, 0.000%, 10/01/25 – NPFG Insured 49 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) $ 12,125 Springfield, Illinois, Electric Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2015, 3/25 at 100.00 AA $ 13,737,504 5.000%, 3/01/40 – AGM Insured Will County Community Unit School District 201-U Crete-Monee, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Capital Appreciation Series 2004: 165 0.000%, 11/01/22 – NPFG Insured (ETM) No Opt. Call N/R (5) 164,457 780 0.000%, 11/01/22 – NPFG Insured (ETM) No Opt. Call Baa2 (5) 776,662 2,390 0.000%, 11/01/22 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 2,374,059 6,415 Will County School District 122, New Lenox, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Capital No Opt. Call Aa3 6,238,908 Appreciation School Series 2004D, 0.000%, 11/01/24 – AGM Insured 827,467 Total Illinois 863,554,050 Indiana – 2.3% (1.5% of Total Investments) 2,650 Crown Point Multi-School Building Corporation, Indiana, First Mortgage Bonds, Crown No Opt. Call AA+ 2,612,688 Point Community School Corporation, Series 2000, 0.000%, 1/15/24 – NPFG Insured 12,045 Indiana Finance Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Valparaiso University 10/24 at 100.00 Baa1 13,212,401 Project, Series 2014, 5.000%, 10/01/44 10,425 Indiana Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Community Health Network Project, 5/23 at 100.00 A (5) 11,161,526 Series 2012A, 5.000%, 5/01/42 (Pre-refunded 5/01/23) 10,000 Indiana Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Indiana University Health Obligation 12/29 at 100.00 AA 11,428,700 Group, Fixed Rate Series 2019A, 4.000%, 12/01/49 17,970 Indiana Finance Authority, Wastewater Utility Revenue Bonds, CWA Authority Project, 10/24 at 100.00 AA 20,043,918 Series 2014A, 5.000%, 10/01/44 Indianapolis Local Public Improvement Bond Bank, Indiana, Series 1999E: 10,000 0.000%, 2/01/26 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call AA 9,631,400 20,000 0.000%, 2/01/28 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call AA 18,496,600 83,090 Total Indiana 86,587,233 Iowa – 1.7% (1.1% of Total Investments) 10,000 Iowa Finance Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, UnityPoint Health Project, 2/23 at 100.00 AA– (5) 10,648,300 Series 2013A, 5.250%, 2/15/44 (Pre-refunded 2/15/23) 10,690 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Iowa Fertilizer 12/23 at 100.00 BB– 11,521,682 Company Project, Series 2013, 5.250%, 12/01/25 21,280 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Iowa Fertilizer 12/22 at 105.00 BB– 23,156,683 Company Project, Series 2018B, 5.250%, 12/01/50 (Mandatory Put 12/01/37) 5,700 Iowa Finance Authority, Senior Housing Revenue Bonds, PHS Council Bluffs, Inc. Project, 8/23 at 102.00 N/R 5,929,995 Series 2018, 5.250%, 8/01/55 56,850 Iowa Tobacco Settlement Authority, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, Class 2 6/31 at 25.58 N/R 9,654,267 Capital Appreciation Senior Lien Series 2021B-2, 0.000%, 6/01/65 3,065 Iowa Tobacco Settlement Authority, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, Senior Lien 6/31 at 100.00 BBB 3,393,844 Series Class 2 Series 2021B-1, 4.000%, 6/01/49 107,585 Total Iowa 64,304,771 Kansas – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 1,000 Lenexa, Kansas, Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, Lakeview Village Inc, Series 5/27 at 100.00 BB+ 1,120,250 2017A, 5.000%, 5/15/43 Wyandotte County-Kansas City Unified Government, Kansas, Sales Tax Special Obligation Bonds, Vacation Village Project Area 1 and 2A, Series 2015: 3,725 5.000%, 9/01/27 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 3,740,347 2,380 5.750%, 9/01/32 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,401,063 2,575 6.000%, 9/01/35 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,597,660 9,680 Total Kansas 9,859,320 Kentucky – 1.7% (1.1% of Total Investments) 5,915 Christian County, Kentucky, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Jennie Stuart Medical Center, Series 2/26 at 100.00 BBB– 6,704,002 2016, 5.500%, 2/01/44 50 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Kentucky (continued) $ 2,480 Kentucky Bond Development Corporation, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Summit Lexington No Opt. Call N/R $ 2,501,154 Project, Series 2016A, 4.400%, 10/01/24 10,000 Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Owensboro 6/27 at 100.00 Baa2 11,651,200 Health, Refunding Series 2017A, 5.000%, 6/01/37 Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Next Generation Kentucky Information Highway Project, Senior Series 2015A: 4,345 5.000%, 7/01/37 7/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,864,705 17,615 5.000%, 1/01/45 7/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 19,657,812 Kentucky Public Transportation Infrastructure Authority, Toll Revenue Bonds, Downtown Crossing Project, Convertible Capital Appreciation First Tier Series 2013C: 4,360 0.000%, 7/01/43 (8) 7/31 at 100.00 Baa2 5,341,872 8,510 0.000%, 7/01/46 (8) 7/31 at 100.00 Baa2 10,448,153 Kentucky Public Transportation Infrastructure Authority, Toll Revenue Bonds, Downtown Crossing Project, First Tier Series 2013A: 2,390 5.750%, 7/01/49 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) 7/23 at 100.00 Baa2 (5) 2,608,948 480 6.000%, 7/01/53 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) 7/23 at 100.00 Baa2 (5) 525,710 56,095 Total Kentucky 64,303,556 Louisiana – 1.2% (0.7% of Total Investments) 2,650 Ascension Parish Industrial development Board, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Impala 7/23 at 100.00 N/R 2,778,843 Warehousing (US) LLC Project, Series 2013, 6.000%, 7/01/36 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System, Series 1998A: 135 5.750%, 7/01/25 (ETM) (UB) No Opt. Call A2 (5) 160,651 6,915 5.750%, 7/01/25 (UB) No Opt. Call A2 7,677,102 5,080 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Louisiana Children’s 6/30 at 100.00 A+ 5,773,776 Medical Center Hospital, Series 2020A, 4.000%, 6/01/50 11,000 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Loyola University Project, 10/33 at 100.00 Baa1 11,925,760 Refunding Series 2017, 5.250%, 10/01/46 (8) Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Ochsner Clinic Foundation Project, Series 2015: 1,000 4.250%, 5/15/40 5/25 at 100.00 A 1,091,220 6,970 5.000%, 5/15/47 5/25 at 100.00 A 7,815,182 1,000 New Orleans, Louisiana, Sewerage Service Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2014, 4.250%, 6/24 at 100.00 A (5) 1,098,450 6/01/34 (Pre-refunded 6/01/24) 3,275 Saint James Parish, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, NuStar Logistics, L.P. Project, Series 6/30 at 100.00 BB– 4,299,420 2010A, 6.350%, 10/01/40, 144A 38,025 Total Louisiana 42,620,404 Maine – 1.6% (1.0% of Total Investments) 7,530 Maine Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds, Eastern Maine 7/23 at 100.00 BBB (5) 8,119,524 Medical Center Obligated Group Issue, Series 2013, 5.000%, 7/01/43 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) Maine Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds, Eastern Maine Medical Center Obligated Group Issue, Series 2016A: 5,450 4.000%, 7/01/41 7/26 at 100.00 BBB 5,948,075 10,215 4.000%, 7/01/46 7/26 at 100.00 BBB 11,080,415 10,000 Maine Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Mainehealth 7/24 at 100.00 A+ 10,875,200 Issue, Series 2015, 5.000%, 7/01/39 Maine Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, MaineHealth Issue, Series 2020A: 2,745 4.000%, 7/01/45 7/30 at 100.00 A+ 3,152,221 5,000 4.000%, 7/01/50 7/30 at 100.00 A+ 5,688,800 4,500 Maine State Housing Authority, Multifamily Mortgage Purchase Bonds, Series 2021A, 5/30 at 100.00 AA+ 4,178,160 2.200%, 11/15/51 51 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Maine (continued) $ 7,695 Maine State Housing Authority, Single Family Mortgage Purchase Bonds, Series 2020D, 5/29 at 100.00 AA+ $ 7,865,059 2.800%, 11/15/45 915 Maine State Housing Authority, Single Family Mortgage Purchase Bonds, Social Series 11/30 at 100.00 AA+ 859,258 2021C, 2.300%, 11/15/46 54,050 Total Maine 57,766,712 Maryland – 1.8% (1.1% of Total Investments) Baltimore, Maryland, Convention Center Hotel Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2017: 1,280 5.000%, 9/01/33 9/27 at 100.00 CCC 1,365,875 3,050 5.000%, 9/01/39 9/27 at 100.00 CCC 3,224,887 3,025 5.000%, 9/01/46 9/27 at 100.00 CCC 3,180,152 1,000 Howard County, Maryland, Special Obligation Bonds, Downtown Columbia Project, Series 2/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,051,990 2017A, 4.375%, 2/15/39, 144A 10,170 Maryland Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Adventist 1/32 at 100.00 BBB 11,500,338 HealthCare Issue, Series 2021B, 4.000%, 1/01/51 2,500 Maryland Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Adventist 1/22 at 100.00 Baa3 2,523,775 Healthcare, Series 2011A, 6.000%, 1/01/26 13,315 Maryland Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Adventist 1/27 at 100.00 Baa3 15,759,634 Healthcare, Series 2016A, 5.500%, 1/01/46 10,000 Maryland Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, LifeBridge 7/25 at 100.00 A+ 11,385,500 Health System, Series 2015, 5.000%, 7/01/47 1,500 Maryland Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Peninsula 7/24 at 100.00 A (5) 1,683,990 Regional Medical Center Issue, Refunding Series 2015, 5.000%, 7/01/45 (Pre-refunded 7/01/24) 3,010 Maryland Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, University 7/22 at 100.00 A (5) 3,106,982 of Maryland Medical System Issue, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 7/01/43 (Pre-refunded 7/01/22) Prince George’s County Revenue Authority, Maryland, Special Obligation Bonds, Suitland-Naylor Road Project, Series 2016: 2,000 4.750%, 7/01/36, 144A 1/26 at 100.00 N/R 2,200,120 2,300 5.000%, 7/01/46, 144A 1/26 at 100.00 N/R 2,540,350 Rockville Mayor and Council, Maryland, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, Series 2017B: 1,335 4.250%, 11/01/37 11/24 at 103.00 B– 1,399,040 1,250 4.500%, 11/01/43 11/24 at 103.00 B– 1,326,088 2,650 5.000%, 11/01/47 11/24 at 103.00 B– 2,846,444 58,385 Total Maryland 65,095,165 Massachusetts – 3.3% (2.1% of Total Investments) Massachusetts Development Finance Agency Revenue Bonds, Lawrence General Hospital Issue, Series 2014A: 2,245 5.250%, 7/01/34 7/24 at 100.00 B– 2,263,117 6,195 5.500%, 7/01/44 7/24 at 100.00 B– 6,272,500 Massachusetts Development Finance Agency Revenue Refunding Bonds, NewBridge on the Charles, Inc. Issue, Series 2017: 8,200 4.125%, 10/01/42, 144A 10/22 at 105.00 BB+ 8,782,364 3,000 5.000%, 10/01/57, 144A 10/22 at 105.00 BB+ 3,242,280 10,000 Massachusetts Development Finance Agency, Revenue Bonds, CareGroup Issue, Series 7/28 at 100.00 A 11,950,900 2018J-2, 5.000%, 7/01/53 Massachusetts Development Finance Agency, Revenue Bonds, Emerson College, Series 2015: 4,020 4.500%, 1/01/45 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,307,792 2,950 5.000%, 1/01/45 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 3,233,584 4,035 Massachusetts Development Finance Agency, Revenue Bonds, Emmanuel College, Series 2016A, 10/26 at 100.00 Baa2 4,410,053 4.000%, 10/01/46 16,280 Massachusetts Development Finance Agency, Revenue Bonds, Massachusetts Institute of No Opt. Call AAA 25,009,499 Technology, Series 2020P, 5.000%, 7/01/50 900 Massachusetts Development Finance Agency, Revenue Bonds, Milford Regional Medical Center 7/30 at 100.00 BB+ 1,079,334 Issue, Series 2020G, 5.000%, 7/15/46, 144A 52 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Massachusetts (continued) $ 6,000 Massachusetts Development Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, WGBH Educational Foundation, No Opt. Call AAA $ 9,098,400 Series 2002A, 5.750%, 1/01/42 – AMBAC Insured 7,405 Massachusetts Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Massachusetts No Opt. Call AAA 10,451,935 Institute of Technology, Series 2002K, 5.500%, 7/01/32 (UB) (6) 2,800 Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency, Housing Bonds, Series 2014D, 3.875%, 12/01/39 6/24 at 100.00 AA 2,931,348 Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency, Housing Bonds, Sustainability Green Series 2021A-1: 3,340 2.375%, 12/01/46 6/30 at 100.00 AA 3,272,432 3,600 2.450%, 12/01/51 6/30 at 100.00 AA 3,501,072 8,310 2.550%, 12/01/56 6/30 at 100.00 AA 7,952,088 4,500 Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency, Single Family Housing Revenue Bonds, Social Series 6/30 at 100.00 AA+ 4,356,135 2020-220, 2.300%, 12/01/44 4,560 Massachusetts School Building Authority, Dedicated Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Senior 5/23 at 100.00 AAA (5) 4,894,202 Series 2013A, 5.000%, 5/15/43 (Pre-refunded 5/15/23) 3,500 Massachusetts State, General Obligation Bonds, Consolidated Loan, Series 2021B, 4/31 at 100.00 Aa1 3,059,770 2.000%, 4/01/50 425 Massachusetts Water Pollution Abatement Trust, Revenue Bonds, MWRA Loan Program, 11/21 at 100.00 AAA 426,789 Subordinate Series 1999A, 5.750%, 8/01/29 102,265 Total Massachusetts 120,495,594 Michigan – 2.9% (1.8% of Total Investments) 5,490 Detroit City School District, Wayne County, Michigan, Unlimited Tax School Building and No Opt. Call Aa1 6,713,556 Site Improvement Bonds, Series 2001A, 6.000%, 5/01/29 – AGM Insured (UB) 3,665 Detroit Downtown Development Authority, Michigan, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Catalyst 7/24 at 100.00 AA 4,041,359 Development Project, Series 2018A, 5.000%, 7/01/48 – AGM Insured 2,985 Detroit Water and Sewerage Department, Michigan, Sewage Disposal System Revenue Bonds, 7/22 at 100.00 AA– (5) 3,086,132 Refunding Senior Lien Series 2012A, 5.250%, 7/01/39 (Pre-refunded 7/01/22) Michigan Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Sparrow Obligated Group, Refunding Series 2015: 4,495 4.000%, 11/15/35 5/25 at 100.00 A 4,885,076 2,550 4.000%, 11/15/36 5/25 at 100.00 A 2,770,192 Michigan Finance Authority, Michigan, Revenue Bonds, Trinity Health Credit Group, Refunding Series 2016MI: 145 5.000%, 12/01/45 (Pre-refunded 6/01/26) (UB) (6) 6/26 at 100.00 N/R (5) 172,762 9,855 5.000%, 12/01/45 (UB) 6/26 at 100.00 AA– 11,581,202 Michigan Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Trinity Health Credit Group, Refunding Series 2011MI: 10 5.000%, 12/01/39 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 12/21 at 100.00 N/R (5) 10,038 3,240 5.000%, 12/01/39 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 12/21 at 100.00 AA– (5) 3,252,668 2,705 Michigan Finance Authority, Tobacco Settlement Asset- Backed Bonds, 2006 Sold Tobacco 12/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 3,374,244 Receipts Senior Current Interest Series 2020A-2, 5.000%, 6/01/40 1,000 Michigan Finance Authority, Tobacco Settlement Asset- Backed Bonds, 2007 Sold Tobacco 12/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,108,300 Receipts, Series 2020A-CL-1, 4.000%, 6/01/49 Michigan Housing Development Authority, Single Family Mortgage Revenue Bonds, Social Series 2021A: 21,675 2.350%, 12/01/46 12/30 at 100.00 AA+ 20,550,718 8,280 2.500%, 6/01/52 12/30 at 100.00 AA+ 7,785,022 4,000 Michigan Public Power Agency, AFEC Project Revenue Bonds, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 1/01/43 1/22 at 100.00 A2 4,025,440 10,000 Michigan State Building Authority, Revenue Bonds, Facilities Program, Refunding Series 10/31 at 100.00 Aa2 9,916,400 2020-I, 2.625%, 10/15/56 13,855 Michigan State Hospital Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Trinity Health Care Group, 6/22 at 100.00 AA– (5) 14,241,139 Series 2009C, 5.000%, 12/01/48 (Pre-refunded 6/01/22) 53 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Michigan (continued) Wayne County Airport Authority, Michigan, Revenue Bonds, Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, Series 2015D: $ 3,550 5.000%, 12/01/40 12/25 at 100.00 A1 $ 4,118,852 3,600 5.000%, 12/01/45 12/25 at 100.00 A1 4,172,184 101,100 Total Michigan 105,805,284 Minnesota – 1.8% (1.2% of Total Investments) Baytown Township, Minnesota Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Saint Croix Preparatory Academy, Refunding Series 2016A: 155 4.000%, 8/01/36 8/26 at 100.00 BB+ 164,342 440 4.000%, 8/01/41 8/26 at 100.00 BB+ 462,299 2,000 Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Prairie Seeds Academy 3/25 at 100.00 BB– 2,104,380 Project, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 3/01/34 1,720 Deephaven, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Eagle Ridge Academy Project, 7/25 at 100.00 BB+ 1,900,153 Series 2015A, 5.500%, 7/01/50 Duluth Economic Development Authority, Minnesota, Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, Essentia Health Obligated Group, Series 2018A: 9,585 4.250%, 2/15/43 2/28 at 100.00 A– 10,875,141 27,325 4.250%, 2/15/48 2/28 at 100.00 A– 30,822,873 1,410 Minneapolis, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Hiawatha Academies Project, 7/24 at 102.00 N/R 1,498,294 Series 2016A, 5.000%, 7/01/47 2,485 Minnesota Housing Finance Agency, Residential Housing Finance Bonds, Series 2020E, 7/29 at 100.00 AA+ 2,539,869 2.700%, 7/01/44 Minnesota Housing Finance Agency, Residential Housing Finance Bonds, Series 2020I: 2,380 2.150%, 7/01/45 1/30 at 100.00 AA+ 2,286,990 3,815 2.200%, 1/01/51 1/30 at 100.00 AA+ 3,623,258 Saint Cloud, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Stride Academy Project, Series 2016A: 405 5.000%, 4/01/36 4/26 at 100.00 N/R 375,111 605 5.000%, 4/01/46 4/26 at 100.00 N/R 530,046 2,500 Saint Paul Housing and Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Health Care Facility Revenue 7/25 at 100.00 A 2,731,800 Bonds, HealthPartners Obligated Group, Refunding Series 2015A, 4.000%, 7/01/35 110 Saint Paul Housing and Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Multifamily Housing Revenue 4/23 at 100.00 N/R 112,255 Bonds, 2700 University at Westgate Station, Series 2015B, 4.250%, 4/01/25 St. Paul Housing and Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Hospital Revenue Bonds, HealthEast Inc., Series 2015A: 2,785 5.000%, 11/15/40 (Pre-refunded 11/15/25) 11/25 at 100.00 N/R (5) 3,271,372 3,190 5.000%, 11/15/44 (Pre-refunded 11/15/25) 11/25 at 100.00 N/R (5) 3,747,102 60,910 Total Minnesota 67,045,285 Mississippi – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 5,445 Mississippi Development Bank, Special Obligation Bonds, Gulfport Water and Sewer System No Opt. Call AA (5) 5,883,867 Project, Series 2005, 5.250%, 7/01/24 – AGM Insured (ETM) 1,000 Mississippi Home Corporation, Single Family Mortgage Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A, 6/30 at 100.00 Aaa 963,080 2.125%, 12/01/44 6,445 Total Mississippi 6,846,947 Missouri – 2.3% (1.5% of Total Investments) 2,960 Chesterfield Valley Transportation Development District, Missouri, Transportation Sales 5/23 at 100.00 A– 3,026,659 Tax Revenue Bonds, Series 2015, 3.625%, 5/15/31 Kansas City Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Ward Parkway Center Community Improvement District, Senior Refunding & Improvement Series 2016: 400 5.000%, 4/01/36, 144A 4/26 at 100.00 N/R 417,832 1,520 5.000%, 4/01/46, 144A 4/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,572,790 54 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Missouri (continued) $ 15,000 Kansas City Municipal Assistance Corporation, Missouri, Leasehold Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call AA– $ 13,727,550 Improvement Series 2004B-1, 0.000%, 4/15/28 – AMBAC Insured 4,345 Kirkwood Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Retirement Community Revenue Bonds, 5/27 at 100.00 BB 4,763,510 Aberdeen Heights Project, Refunding Series 2017A, 5.250%, 5/15/50 Liberty, Missouri, Special Obligation Tax Increment and Special Districts Bonds, Liberty Commons Project, Series 2015A: 1,575 5.750%, 6/01/35, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,624,124 1,055 6.000%, 6/01/46, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,092,632 2,460 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue 5/23 at 100.00 BBB 2,603,123 Bonds, Saint Louis College of Pharmacy, Series 2013, 5.500%, 5/01/43 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Saint Louis College of Pharmacy, Series 2015B: 1,410 5.000%, 5/01/40 11/23 at 100.00 BBB 1,502,228 2,000 5.000%, 5/01/45 11/23 at 100.00 BBB 2,124,320 7,040 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, 11/23 at 100.00 A2 7,621,222 CoxHealth, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 11/15/48 2,250 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, 2/22 at 100.00 AA– 2,276,910 Heartland Regional Medical Center, Series 2012, 5.000%, 2/15/43 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Mosaic Health System, Series 2019A: 6,330 4.000%, 2/15/44 2/29 at 100.00 AA– 7,182,967 13,545 4.000%, 2/15/49 2/29 at 100.00 AA– 15,284,043 405 Saint Louis County Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Revenue Bonds, Friendship 9/23 at 100.00 BB+ 431,544 Village of Sunset Hills, Series 2013A, 5.875%, 9/01/43 Saint Louis County Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Revenue Bonds, Saint Andrew’s Resources for Seniors, Series 2015A: 1,650 5.000%, 12/01/35 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,803,005 455 5.125%, 12/01/45 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 493,866 4,125 Saint Louis, Missouri, Airport Revenue Bonds, Lambert-St. Louis International Airport, No Opt. Call A2 5,391,458 Series 2005, 5.500%, 7/01/29 – NPFG Insured 15,350 Springfield Public Building Corporation, Missouri, Lease Revenue Bonds, Jordan Valley No Opt. Call N/R 11,650,957 Park Projects, Series 2000A, 0.000%, 6/01/30 – AMBAC Insured 83,875 Total Missouri 84,590,740 Montana – 0.0% (0.0% of Total Investments) Kalispell, Montana, Housing and Healthcare Facilities Revenue Bonds, Immanuel Lutheran Corporation, Series 2017A: 1,175 5.250%, 5/15/37 5/25 at 102.00 N/R 1,280,045 375 5.250%, 5/15/47 5/25 at 102.00 N/R 404,449 1,550 Total Montana 1,684,494 Nebraska – 1.1% (0.7% of Total Investments) 10,665 Central Plains Energy Project, Nebraska, Gas Project 3 Revenue Bonds, Refunding No Opt. Call A 15,307,048 Crossover Series 2017A, 5.000%, 9/01/42 4,435 Central Plains Energy Project, Nebraska, Gas Project 3 Revenue Bonds, Series 2012, 9/22 at 100.00 A2 4,606,014 5.000%, 9/01/32 1,330 Douglas County Hospital Authority 2, Nebraska, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Nebraska 11/25 at 100.00 A 1,520,921 Methodist Health System, Refunding Series 2015, 5.000%, 11/01/45 Douglas County Hospital Authority 3, Nebraska, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Nebraska Methodist Health System, Refunding Series 2015: 2,090 4.125%, 11/01/36 11/25 at 100.00 A 2,299,167 2,325 5.000%, 11/01/48 11/25 at 100.00 A 2,626,762 7,760 Nebraska Investment Finance Authority, Single Family Housing Revenue Bonds, Series 3/29 at 100.00 AA+ 7,966,494 2020A, 2.700%, 9/01/43 55 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Nebraska (continued) $ 6,800 Scotts Bluff County Hospital Authority 1, Nebraska, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Regional 2/27 at 100.00 BB+ $ 7,582,816 West Medical Center Project, Refunding & Improvement Series 2016A, 5.250%, 2/01/37 35,405 Total Nebraska 41,909,222 Nevada – 1.1% (0.7% of Total Investments) 410 Director of the State of Nevada Department of Business and Industry, Charter School 12/25 at 100.00 BB 450,885 Lease Revenue Bonds, Somerset Academy, Series 2018A, 5.000%, 12/15/38, 144A 23,605 Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, Nevada, Convention Center Expansion Revenue 7/28 at 100.00 Aa3 26,270,241 Bonds, Series 2018B, 4.000%, 7/01/49 3,150 Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, Nevada, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 7/27 at 100.00 Aa3 3,515,368 2017B, 4.000%, 7/01/36 1,000 Las Vegas, Nevada, Sales Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Symphony Park Tourism Improvement 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,000,330 District, Series 2016, 4.375%, 6/15/35, 144A 500 Neveda State Director of the Department of Business and Industry, Charter School Revenue 7/25 at 100.00 BB+ 543,370 Bonds, Doral Academy of Nevada, Series 2017A, 5.000%, 7/15/37, 144A 4,000 Reno, Nevada, Subordinate Lien Sales Tax Revenue Refunding Bonds, ReTrac-Reno 12/28 at 100.00 A3 4,318,800 Transportation Rail Access Corridor Project, Series 2018A, 4.000%, 6/01/43 4,000 Reno, Nevada, Subordinate Lien Sales Tax Revenue Refunding Capital Appreciation Bonds, 7/38 at 31.26 N/R 682,200 ReTrac-Reno Transportation Rail Access Corridor Project, Series 2018C, 0.010%, 7/01/58, 144A 3,210 Tahoe-Douglas Visitors Authority, Nevada, Stateline Revenue Bonds, Series 2020, 7/30 at 100.00 N/R 3,651,375 5.000%, 7/01/51 39,875 Total Nevada 40,432,569 New Hampshire – 0.6% (0.4% of Total Investments) 13,120 National Finance Authority, New Hampshire, Hospital Facilities Revenue Bonds, Saint 5/31 at 100.00 AA 14,926,886 Elizabeth Medical Center, Inc., Series 2021A, 4.000%, 5/01/51 5,000 National Finance Authority, New Hampshire, Resource Recovery Revenue Bonds, Covanta 7/23 at 100.00 B1 5,192,700 Project, Refunding Series 2018B, 4.625%, 11/01/42, 144A 1,185 National Finance Authority, New Hampshire, Resource Recovery Revenue Bonds, Covanta 7/25 at 100.00 B1 1,240,257 Project, Refunding Series 2020A, 3.625%, 7/01/43 (Mandatory Put 7/02/40), 144A 500 New Hampshire Health and Education Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Kendal at 10/26 at 100.00 BBB+ 570,110 Hanover, Series 2016, 5.000%, 10/01/40 19,805 Total New Hampshire 21,929,953 New Jersey – 5.8% (3.7% of Total Investments) New Jersey Economic Development Authority, School Facilities Construction Bonds, Refunding Series 2016BBB: 34,310 5.500%, 6/15/29 12/26 at 100.00 Baa1 41,876,384 2,110 5.500%, 6/15/30 12/26 at 100.00 Baa1 2,572,069 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, School Facilities Construction Bonds, Series 2005N-1: 6,835 5.500%, 9/01/24 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call Baa1 7,793,335 5,045 5.500%, 9/01/28 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call Baa1 6,492,360 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, School Facilities Construction Bonds, Series 2015WW: 655 5.250%, 6/15/40 (Pre-refunded 6/15/25) 6/25 at 100.00 N/R (5) 767,870 11,335 5.250%, 6/15/40 6/25 at 100.00 Baa1 12,956,698 600 New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority, New Jersey, Revenue Bonds, Saint 11/21 at 100.00 BBB– 601,782 Peters University Hospital, Refunding Series 2011, 6.000%, 7/01/26 1,500 New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority, New Jersey, Revenue Bonds, Saint 11/21 at 100.00 BBB– 1,504,530 Peters University Hospital, Series 2007, 5.750%, 7/01/37 3,310 New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Barnabas Health, 7/24 at 100.00 AA– 3,686,943 Refunding Series 2014A, 5.000%, 7/01/44 56 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New Jersey (continued) $ 2,035 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Capital No Opt. Call Baa1 $ 1,893,120 Appreciation Series 2010A, 0.000%, 12/15/26 20,000 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Refunding No Opt. Call AA 15,604,600 Series 2006C, 0.000%, 12/15/33 – AGM Insured 20,040 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 6/24 at 100.00 Baa1 21,944,401 2014AA, 5.000%, 6/15/44 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 2015AA: 13,690 4.750%, 6/15/38 6/25 at 100.00 Baa1 15,140,866 8,355 5.000%, 6/15/45 6/25 at 100.00 Baa1 9,422,685 5,000 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 12/28 at 100.00 Baa1 6,082,550 2019AA, 5.250%, 6/15/43 7,255 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 12/30 at 100.00 Baa1 8,877,000 2020AA, 5.000%, 6/15/50 33,200 New Jersey Turnpike Authority, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2005D-1, 5.250%, No Opt. Call AA 39,400,100 1/01/26 – AGM Insured New Jersey Turnpike Authority, Revenue Bonds, Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XF1057: 74 17.437%, 1/01/43 (Pre-refunded 7/01/22), 144A (IF) 7/22 at 100.00 A+ (5) 83,404 126 17.437%, 1/01/43 (Pre-refunded 7/01/22), 144A (IF) 7/22 at 100.00 N/R (5) 142,317 1,150 Rutgers State University, New Jersey, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2013L, 5.000%, 5/23 at 100.00 Aa3 (5) 1,232,156 5/01/43 (Pre-refunded 5/01/23) 5,000 South Jersey Transportation Authority, New Jersey, Transportation System Revenue Bonds, 11/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 5,608,900 Series 2020A, 4.000%, 11/01/50 3,000 Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation, New Jersey, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/28 at 100.00 BBB+ 3,555,630 Bonds, Series 2018A, 5.250%, 6/01/46 3,410 Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation, New Jersey, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/28 at 100.00 BB+ 3,925,353 Bonds, Series 2018B, 5.000%, 6/01/46 1,330 Washington Township Board of Education, Mercer County, New Jersey, General Obligation No Opt. Call A2 1,552,536 Bonds, Series 2005, 5.250%, 1/01/26 – AGM Insured 189,365 Total New Jersey 212,717,589 New Mexico – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 3,385 New Mexico Mortgage Finance Authority, Single Family Mortgage Program Bonds, Class 1 7/30 at 100.00 Aaa 3,282,333 Series 2021C, 2.250%, 7/01/46 Santa Fe, New Mexico, Retirement Facilities Revenue Bonds, EL Castillo Retirement Residences Project, Series 2019A: 670 5.000%, 5/15/44 5/26 at 103.00 BB+ 748,249 1,200 5.000%, 5/15/49 5/26 at 103.00 BB+ 1,336,320 5,255 Total New Mexico 5,366,902 New York – 7.9% (5.1% of Total Investments) 14,975 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Albert Einstein College of 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 16,815,428 Medicine, Inc, Series 2015, 5.500%, 9/01/45, 144A 9,320 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Family Life Academy Charter 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 9,519,821 School, Series 2020A-1, 5.500%, 6/01/55, 144A 7,390 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Family Life Academy Charter 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 7,690,625 School, Series 2020B-1, 5.000%, 6/01/55, 144A 20,000 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, State Personal Income Tax Revenue Bonds, 3/31 at 100.00 AA+ 23,091,600 General Purpose, Series 2021B, 4.000%, 3/15/47 2,250 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Insured Revenue Bonds, Mount Sinai School No Opt. Call AAA 2,423,048 of Medicine, Series 1994A, 5.150%, 7/01/24 – NPFG Insured 9,700 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, Columbia University, Series No Opt. Call AAA 14,846,626 2017A, 5.000%, 10/01/47 (UB) (6) 4,070 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, Icahn School of Medicine at 7/25 at 100.00 A– 4,593,524 Mount Sinai, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/45 57 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New York (continued) Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, Orange Regional Medical Center Obligated Group, Series 2015: $ 2,700 5.000%, 12/01/40, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 BBB– $ 3,050,703 5,600 5.000%, 12/01/45, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 BBB– 6,325,312 7,520 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, Rockefeller University, 7/29 at 100.00 Aa1 8,775,013 Series 2019C, 4.000%, 7/01/49 2,120 Hempstead Town Local Development Corporation, New York, Education Revenue Bonds, The 2/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,378,152 Academy Charter School Project, Refunding Series 2020B, 5.570%, 2/01/41 2,695 Hempstead Town Local Development Corporation, New York, Education Revenue Bonds, The 2/27 at 100.00 N/R 3,022,793 Academy Charter School Project, Series 2017A, 6.240%, 2/01/47 2,965 Hempstead Town Local Development Corporation, New York, Education Revenue Bonds, The 2/28 at 100.00 N/R 3,473,913 Academy Charter School Project, Series 2018A, 6.760%, 2/01/48 1,270 Hempstead Town Local Development Corporation, New York, Education Revenue Bonds, The 2/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,422,260 Academy Charter School Project, Series 2020A, 5.730%, 2/01/50 Hempstead Town Local Development Corporation, New York, Education Revenue Bonds, The Academy Charter School Project, Series 2021A: 1,210 4.450%, 2/01/41 2/30 at 100.00 A2 1,219,063 2,130 4.600%, 2/01/51 2/30 at 100.00 A2 2,140,011 Long Island Power Authority, New York, Electric System Revenue Bonds, Series 2012A: 225 5.000%, 9/01/42 9/22 at 100.00 A 233,582 3,320 5.000%, 9/01/42 (Pre-refunded 9/01/22) 9/22 at 100.00 N/R (5) 3,453,497 6,455 5.000%, 9/01/42 (Pre-refunded 9/01/22) 9/22 at 100.00 N/R (5) 6,712,748 6,850 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Bond No Opt. Call N/R 7,244,423 Anticipation Note Series 2020A-1, 5.000%, 2/01/23 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Green Climate Bond Certified Series 2020C-1: 2,790 5.000%, 11/15/50 5/30 at 100.00 A3 3,320,156 3,155 5.250%, 11/15/55 5/30 at 100.00 A3 3,799,346 8,390 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Green 11/30 at 100.00 A3 9,308,789 Climate Bond Certified Series 2020D-2, 4.000%, 11/15/48 5,000 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Green 11/30 at 100.00 A3 5,542,250 Climate Bond Certified Series 2020D-3, 4.000%, 11/15/49 2,210 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Refunding No Opt. Call A3 2,498,714 Green Climate Certified Series 2017C-1, 5.000%, 11/15/24 7,500 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Refunding 11/30 at 100.00 A3 8,359,575 Green Climate Certified Series 2020E, 4.000%, 11/15/45 3,585 Monroe County Industrial Development Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Saint Ann?s 1/26 at 103.00 N/R 3,984,082 Community Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 1/01/50 1,000 Nassau County Local Economic Assistance Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Catholic 7/24 at 100.00 A– 1,109,950 Health Services of Long Island Obligated Group Project, Series 2014, 5.000%, 7/01/31 15,000 New York City Housing Development Corporation, New York, Sustainable Impact Revenue 2/28 at 100.00 Aa2 15,144,450 Bonds, Williamsburg Housing Preservation LP, Series 2020A, 2.800%, 2/01/50 11,570 New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority, New York, Water and Sewer System Second 6/25 at 100.00 AA+ 13,227,865 General Resolution Revenue Bonds, Fiscal 2016 Series BB-1, 5.000%, 6/15/46 (UB) (6) 11,245 New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority, New York, Water and Sewer System Second 12/30 at 100.00 AA+ 13,145,517 General Resolution Revenue Bonds, Fiscal 2021 Series BB-2, 4.000%, 6/15/42 5 New York City, New York, General Obligation Bonds, Fiscal Series 2005M, 5.000%, 4/01/26 11/21 at 100.00 AA 5,018 – FGIC Insured 28,615 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 3 World Trade 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 31,219,537 Center Project, Class 1 Series 2014, 5.000%, 11/15/44, 144A 2,560 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, Bank of 3/29 at 100.00 Baa2 2,599,475 America Tower at One Bryant Park Project, Second Priority Refunding Series 2019 Class 3, 2.800%, 9/15/69 58 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New York (continued) $ 3,500 New York State Housing Finance Agency, Affordable Housing Revenue Bonds, Climate Bond 5/28 at 100.00 Aa2 $ 3,599,785 Certified/Sustainability Series 2019P, 3.050%, 11/01/49 6,500 New York State Mortgage Agency, Homeowner Mortgage Revenue Bonds, Series 211, 4/27 at 100.00 Aa1 6,931,600 3.750%, 10/01/43 5,670 Onondaga Civic Development Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Saint Joseph’s 7/22 at 100.00 N/R (5) 5,851,100 Hospital Health Center Project, Series 2012, 5.000%, 7/01/42 (Pre-refunded 7/01/22) 20,925 Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, New York, Payroll Mobility Tax Bonds, Senior 5/31 at 100.00 AA+ 26,325,742 Lien Subseries 2021A-1, 5.000%, 5/15/51 7,110 TSASC Inc., New York, Tobacco Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2006, 5.000%, 6/01/48 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 7,668,633 259,095 Total New York 292,073,726 North Carolina – 0.6% (0.4% of Total Investments) 10,000 North Carolina Medical Care Commission, Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, Duke 6/22 at 100.00 Aa2 (5) 10,280,400 University Health System, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 6/01/42 (Pre-refunded 6/01/22) 4,725 North Carolina Medical Care Commission, Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, Vidant 6/22 at 100.00 A+ (5) 4,858,103 Health, Refunding Series 2012A, 5.000%, 6/01/36 (Pre-refunded 6/01/22) 2,150 North Carolina Medical Care Commission, Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, WakeMed, 10/22 at 100.00 A+ 2,233,700 Refunding Series 2012A, 5.000%, 10/01/38 2,150 North Carolina Medical Care Commission, Retirement Facilities First Mortgage Revenue Bonds, 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,348,918 Aldersgate United Retirement Community Inc., Refunding Series 2017A, 5.000%, 7/01/47 1,690 North Carolina Turnpike Authority, Monroe Expressway Toll Revenue Bonds, Series 2017A, 7/26 at 100.00 BBB 1,896,856 5.000%, 7/01/54 1,625 North Carolina Turnpike Authority, Triangle Expressway System Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien 1/30 at 100.00 AA 1,851,314 Series 2019, 4.000%, 1/01/55 – AGM Insured 22,340 Total North Carolina 23,469,291 North Dakota – 2.3% (1.5% of Total Investments) 9,950 Cass County, North Dakota, Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, Essential Health 2/28 at 100.00 A– 11,223,699 Obligated Group, Series 2018B, 4.250%, 2/15/48 Grand Forks, North Dakota, Health Care System Revenue Bonds, Altru Health System Obligated Group, Series 2012: 7,000 5.000%, 12/01/29 12/21 at 100.00 Baa2 7,027,090 6,650 5.000%, 12/01/32 12/21 at 100.00 Baa2 6,675,736 2,245 5.000%, 12/01/35 12/21 at 100.00 Baa2 2,253,688 4,525 Grand Forks, North Dakota, Health Care System Revenue Bonds, Altru Health System 12/27 at 100.00 Baa2 5,291,083 Obligated Group, Series 2017A, 5.000%, 12/01/42 1,000 Grand Forks, North Dakota, Senior Housing & Nursing Facilities Revenue Bonds, Valley 12/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,041,790 Homes and Services Obligated Group, Series 2017, 5.000%, 12/01/36 4,125 North Dakota Housing Finance Agency, Home Mortgage Finance Program Bonds, Series 2020B, 1/30 at 100.00 Aa1 4,166,745 2.500%, 7/01/44 Ward County Health Care, North Dakota, Revenue Bonds, Trinity Obligated Group, Series 2017C: 10,000 5.000%, 6/01/38 6/28 at 100.00 BBB– 11,740,500 28,050 5.000%, 6/01/53 6/28 at 100.00 BBB– 32,203,363 2,535 Williston, North Dakota, Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, Eagle Crest Apartments LLC 9/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,419,600 Project, Series 2013, 7.750%, 9/01/38 (4) 76,080 Total North Dakota 83,043,294 Ohio – 9.1% (5.9% of Total Investments) 2,000 Akron, Bath and Copley Joint Township Hospital District, Ohio, Hospital Facilities 11/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,053,180 Revenue Bonds, Summa Health Obligated Group, Refunding Series 2020, 3.000%, 11/15/40 4,185 Akron, Bath and Copley Joint Township Hospital District, Ohio, Hospital Revenue Bonds, 5/22 at 100.00 AA– 4,284,226 Children’s Hospital Medical Center, Improvement & Refunding Series 2012, 5.000%, 11/15/42 59 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Ohio (continued) Allen County, Ohio, Hospital Facilities Revenue Bonds, Catholic Health Partners, Refunding and Improvement Series 2012A: $ 2,740 4.000%, 5/01/33 (Pre-refunded 5/01/22) 5/22 at 100.00 AA– (5) $ 2,792,252 1,930 5.000%, 5/01/33 (Pre-refunded 5/01/22) 5/22 at 100.00 AA– (5) 1,976,397 3,405 5.000%, 5/01/42 (Pre-refunded 5/01/22) 5/22 at 100.00 AA– (5) 3,486,856 70,220 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 22.36 N/R 10,973,279 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Capital Appreciation Series 2020B-3 Class 2, 0.000%, 6/01/57 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020A-2 Class 1: 41,785 3.000%, 6/01/48 6/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 42,099,641 8,035 4.000%, 6/01/48 6/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 8,894,986 44,230 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 49,667,194 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020B-2 Class 2, 5.000%, 6/01/55 10,000 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/22 at 100.00 N/R (5) 10,353,000 Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2007A-3, 6.250%, 6/01/37 (Pre-refunded 6/01/22) Centerville, Ohio Health Care Improvement Revenue Bonds, Graceworks Lutheran Services, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017: 2,750 5.250%, 11/01/37 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 3,047,495 3,200 5.250%, 11/01/47 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 3,498,752 3,345 Cleveland Heights-University Heights City School District, Ohio, General Obligation 6/23 at 100.00 AA– (5) 3,594,136 Bonds, School Improvement Series 2014, 5.000%, 12/01/51 (Pre-refunded 6/01/23) 5,000 County of Lucas, Ohio, Hospital Revenue Bonds, ProMedica Healthcare Obligated Group, 11/28 at 100.00 BBB 5,957,600 Series 2018A, 5.250%, 11/15/48 37,150 Cuyahoga County, Ohio, Certificates of Participation, Convention Hotel Project, Series 6/24 at 100.00 AA– 39,374,170 2014, 4.375%, 12/01/44 (UB) (6) Darke County, Ohio, Hospital Facilities Revenue Bonds, Wayne Healthcare Project, Series 2019A: 1,165 4.000%, 9/01/40 9/29 at 100.00 BB+ 1,240,970 1,750 4.000%, 9/01/45 9/29 at 100.00 BB+ 1,844,167 2,000 5.000%, 9/01/49 9/29 at 100.00 BB+ 2,274,140 6,840 Franklin County Convention Facilities Authority, Ohio, Hotel Project Revenue Bonds, 12/29 at 100.00 BBB– 7,866,958 Greater Columbus Convention Center Hotel Expansion Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 12/01/51 7,870 Franklin County, Ohio, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Nationwide Children’s Hospital Project, 5/22 at 100.00 Aa2 8,054,788 Improvement Series 2012A, 5.000%, 11/01/42 3,985 Franklin County, Ohio, Revenue Bonds, Trinity Health Credit Group, Series 2017A, 12/27 at 100.00 AA– 4,288,657 3.250%, 12/01/42 6,425 JobsOhio Beverage System, Ohio, Statewide Liquor Profits Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien 1/23 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 6,779,917 Series 2013A, 5.000%, 1/01/38 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23) (UB) (6) JobsOhio Beverage System, Ohio, Statewide Senior Lien Liquor Profits Revenue Bonds, Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XG0052: 390 17.852%, 1/01/38 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23), 144A (IF) (6) 1/23 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 475,523 1,750 17.976%, 1/01/38 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23), 144A (IF) (6) 1/23 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 2,136,487 625 17.985%, 1/01/38 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23), 144A (IF) (6) 1/23 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 763,106 1,250 17.985%, 1/01/38 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23), 144A (IF) 1/23 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 1,526,212 1,725 17.985%, 1/01/38 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23), 144A (IF) (6) 1/23 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 2,106,173 2,000 17.985%, 1/01/38 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23), 144A (IF) 1/23 at 100.00 AA+ (5) 2,441,940 Middletown City School District, Butler County, Ohio, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2007: 4,380 5.250%, 12/01/27 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call A2 5,415,520 6,000 5.250%, 12/01/31 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call A2 7,835,760 12,000 Muskingum County, Ohio, Hospital Facilities Revenue Bonds, Genesis HealthCare System 2/23 at 100.00 BB+ 12,440,760 Obligated Group Project, Series 2013, 5.000%, 2/15/48 8,500 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Air Quality Development Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 10,625 FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Series 2009A, 5.700%, 8/01/22 60 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Ohio (continued) $ 1,050 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R $ 1,313 FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2009B, 3.100%, 3/01/23 2,020 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 2,525 FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2010B, 3.750%, 6/01/33 (4) 1,000 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 1,250 FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2005B, 3.125%, 1/01/34 (4) 20,765 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 21,084,781 FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2009A, 4.375%, 6/01/33 (Mandatory Put 6/01/22) 490 Ohio Higher Educational Facility Commission, Senior Hospital Parking Revenue Bonds, 1/30 at 100.00 A3 583,110 University Circle Incorporated 2020 Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 1/15/50 1,240 Ohio State, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Ohio Turnpike and Infrastructure Commission 2/31 at 100.00 Aa3 1,542,486 Infrastructure Projects, Junior Lien, Capital Appreciation Series 2013A-3, 0.000%, 2/15/36 (8) 4,995 Ohio State, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Ohio Turnpike and Infrastructure Commission 2/23 at 100.00 Aa3 (5) 5,299,445 Infrastructure Projects, Junior Lien, Current Interest Series 2013A-1, 5.000%, 2/15/48 (Pre-refunded 2/15/23) 1,610 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear No Opt. Call N/R 2,013 Generating Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2010C, 4.000%, 6/01/33 1,130 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 1,413 Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2006B, 4.000%, 12/01/33 (4) 20,405 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 20,719,237 Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2009A, 4.375%, 6/01/33 (Mandatory Put 6/01/22) 20,480 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 20,795,392 Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2010B, 4.375%, 6/01/33 (Mandatory Put 6/01/22) 3,000 Port of Greater Cincinnati Development Authority, Ohio, Special Obligation Tax Increment 11/30 at 100.00 N/R 3,037,830 Financing Revenue Bonds, Cooperative Township Public Parking Project, Gallery at Kenwood, Senior Lien Series 2019A, 5.000%, 11/01/51 Southeastern Ohio Port Authority, Hospital Facilities Revenue Bonds, Memorial Health System Obligated Group Project, Refunding and Improvement Series 2012: 1,095 5.750%, 12/01/32 12/22 at 100.00 BB– 1,135,427 870 6.000%, 12/01/42 12/22 at 100.00 BB– 900,476 1,330 Tuscarawas County Economic Development and Finance Alliance, Ohio, Higher Education 3/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,435,336 Facilities Revenue Bonds, Ashland University, Refunding & Improvement Series 2015, 6.000%, 3/01/45 390,110 Total Ohio 336,096,901 Oklahoma – 0.6% (0.4% of Total Investments) Oklahoma Development Finance Authority, Health System Revenue Bonds, OU Medicine Project, Series 2018B: 5,290 5.500%, 8/15/52 8/28 at 100.00 Baa3 6,481,149 10,600 5.500%, 8/15/57 8/28 at 100.00 Baa3 12,949,066 2,340 Tulsa County Industrial Authority, Oklahoma, Senior Living Community Revenue Bonds, 11/25 at 102.00 BBB– 2,657,983 Montereau, Inc Project, Refunding Series 2017, 5.250%, 11/15/45 18,230 Total Oklahoma 22,088,198 Oregon – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) Clackamas County Hospital Facility Authority, Oregon, Revenue Bonds, Rose Villa Inc., Series 2020A: 500 5.125%, 11/15/40 11/25 at 102.00 N/R 548,565 220 5.250%, 11/15/50 11/25 at 102.00 N/R 241,080 315 5.375%, 11/15/55 11/25 at 102.00 N/R 346,034 Multnomah County Hospital Facilities Authority, Oregon, Revenue Bonds, Mirabella South Waterfront, Refunding Series 2014A: 1,000 5.400%, 10/01/44 10/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,070,500 800 5.500%, 10/01/49 10/24 at 100.00 N/R 857,000 2,835 Total Oregon 3,063,179 61 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Pennsylvania – 6.0% (3.8% of Total Investments) 14,855 Allegheny County Hospital Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Allegheny 4/28 at 100.00 A 16,415,518 Health Network Obligated Group Issue, Series 2018A, 4.000%, 4/01/44 2,540 Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Tax Revenue 5/27 at 100.00 Ba3 2,882,392 Bonds, City Center Refunding Project, Series 2017, 5.000%, 5/01/42, 144A Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Project, Refunding Series 2006A: 13,235 4.375%, 1/01/35 (Mandatory Put 7/01/22) No Opt. Call N/R 13,452,451 3,145 3.500%, 4/01/41 (4) No Opt. Call N/R 3,931 1,245 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 1,556 Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2005A, 4.000%, 1/01/35 (4) 1,240 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 1,550 Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2006B, 3.500%, 12/01/35 (4) 9,365 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue 4/31 at 100.00 N/R 9,674,232 Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Project, Series 2008B, 3.750%, 10/01/47 (Mandatory Put 4/01/21) 21,945 Berks County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Health System Revenue 11/27 at 100.00 BB– 24,070,812 Bonds, Tower Health Project, Series 2017, 5.000%, 11/01/50 Bucks County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, School Lane Charter School Project, Series 2016: 2,410 5.125%, 3/15/36 3/27 at 100.00 BBB– 2,769,837 6,420 5.125%, 3/15/46 3/27 at 100.00 BBB– 7,277,584 10,850 Commonwealth Financing Authority, Pennsylvania, State Appropriation Lease Bonds, Master 6/28 at 100.00 AA 12,288,710 Settlement, Series 2018, 4.000%, 6/01/39 – AGM Insured (UB) (6) Cumberland County Municipal Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Diakon Lutheran Social Ministries Project, Series 2015: 170 5.000%, 1/01/29 (Pre-refunded 1/01/25) 1/25 at 100.00 N/R (5) 193,742 830 5.000%, 1/01/29 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 919,416 7,665 Dauphin County General Authority, Pennsylvania, Health System Revenue Bonds, Pinnacle 6/22 at 100.00 A 7,864,903 Health System Project, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 6/01/42 3,000 Dubois Hospital Authority, Pennsylvania, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Penn Highlands 1/28 at 100.00 A– 3,483,030 Healthcare, Series 2018, 5.000%, 7/15/48 1,250 Lancaster County Hospital Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Landis Homes 7/25 at 100.00 BBB– 1,351,875 Retirement Community Project, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/45 Lehigh County Authority, Pennsylvania, Water and Sewer Revenue Bonds, Allentown Concession, Series 2013A: 695 5.125%, 12/01/47 12/23 at 100.00 A 754,735 815 5.125%, 12/01/47 (Pre-refunded 12/01/23) 12/23 at 100.00 N/R (5) 895,653 Montgomery County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Health System Revenue Bonds, Albert Einstein Healthcare Network Issue, Series 2015A: 10,530 5.250%, 1/15/45 1/25 at 100.00 Ba1 11,870,575 1,200 5.250%, 1/15/46 1/25 at 100.00 Ba1 1,352,472 10,765 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue 9/25 at 100.00 Caa1 8,237,916 Refunding Bonds, PPL Energy Supply, LLC Project, Series 2009A, 6.400%, 12/01/38 3,500 Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, Single Family Mortgage Revenue Bonds, Series 4/29 at 100.00 AA+ 3,669,645 2019-131A, 3.100%, 10/01/44 13,540 Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Oil Franchise Tax Revenue Bonds, Senior Series 2018A, 12/28 at 100.00 AA 17,112,258 5.250%, 12/01/44 3,705 Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Series 2015A-1, 6/25 at 100.00 A+ 4,190,466 5.000%, 12/01/45 6,450 Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Series 2018A-2, 12/28 at 100.00 A1 7,920,600 5.000%, 12/01/43 11,000 Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Series 2009C, 6/26 at 100.00 AA 13,550,130 6.250%, 6/01/33 – AGM Insured 62 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Pennsylvania (continued) $ 15,000 Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Series 2015B-1, 12/25 at 100.00 A $ 17,194,350 5.000%, 12/01/45 5,000 Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Series 2019A, 12/29 at 100.00 A3 5,603,650 4.000%, 12/01/49 10,305 Philadelphia Hospitals and Higher Education Facilities Authority, Pennsylvania, Hospital 7/22 at 100.00 BBB– 10,597,250 Revenue Bonds, Temple University Health System Obligated Group, Series 2012A, 5.625%, 7/01/42 7,055 Pittsburgh and Allegheny County Sports and Exhibition Authority, Pennsylvania, Hotel 11/21 at 100.00 AA 7,073,625 Room Excise Tax Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2010, 5.000%, 2/01/35 – AGM Insured Scranton, Pennsylvania, Sewer Authority Revenue Bonds, Series 2011A: 1,125 5.250%, 12/01/31 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) – AGM Insured 12/21 at 100.00 AA (5) 1,129,646 1,000 5.500%, 12/01/35 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) – AGM Insured 12/21 at 100.00 AA (5) 1,004,330 5,790 Susquehanna Area Regional Airport Authority, Pennsylvania, Airport System Revenue Bonds, 1/23 at 100.00 Baa3 5,921,665 Series 2012B, 4.000%, 1/01/33 207,640 Total Pennsylvania 220,730,505 Puerto Rico – 4.6% (2.9% of Total Investments) 4,934 Cofina Class 2 Trust Tax-Exempt Class 2047, Puerto Rico. Unit Exchanged From Cusip No Opt. Call N/R 1,632,780 74529JAN5, 0.000%, 8/01/47 9,761 Cofina Class 2 Trust Tax-Exempt Class 2054, Puerto Rico. Unit Exchanged From Cusip No Opt. Call N/R 2,290,109 74529JAP0, 0.010%, 8/01/54 10,280 Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien 7/32 at 100.00 N/R 12,357,691 Forward Delivery Series 2022A, 5.000%, 7/01/37, 144A (WI/DD, Settling 6/15/22) 26,925 Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 7/30 at 100.00 N/R 31,452,977 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/47, 144A Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2021B: 1,910 5.000%, 7/01/37, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,317,613 7,510 4.000%, 7/01/42, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 8,296,072 8,070 4.000%, 7/01/47, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 8,813,166 600 Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation Authority, Highway Revenue Bonds, Series 2004J, 11/21 at 100.00 Baa2 608,304 5.000%, 7/01/29 – NPFG Insured 695 Puerto Rico Public Finance Corporation, Commonwealth Appropriation Bonds, Series 1998A, No Opt. Call Aaa 738,118 5.125%, 6/01/24 – AMBAC Insured Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Restructured 2018A-1: 3,014 0.000%, 7/01/31 7/28 at 91.88 N/R 2,397,547 9,828 0.000%, 7/01/33 7/28 at 86.06 N/R 7,282,745 259 4.500%, 7/01/34 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 283,115 7,384 0.010%, 7/01/46 7/28 at 41.38 N/R 2,407,110 17,562 0.000%, 7/01/51 7/28 at 30.01 N/R 4,158,155 19,012 4.750%, 7/01/53 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 21,236,784 24,906 5.000%, 7/01/58 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 28,179,645 723 Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Restructured 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 797,360 Cofina Project Series 2019B-2, 4.536%, 7/01/53 Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Taxable Restructured Cofina Project Series 2019A-2: 7,857 4.329%, 7/01/40 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 8,642,464 11,680 4.329%, 7/01/40 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 12,847,650 10,210 4.784%, 7/01/58 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 11,392,931 183,120 Total Puerto Rico 168,132,336 Rhode Island – 1.4% (0.9% of Total Investments) 1,000 Rhode Island Health and Educational Building Corporation, Revenue Bonds, Care New 9/23 at 100.00 N/R (5) 1,104,860 England Health System, Series 2013A, 6.000%, 9/01/33 (Pre-refunded 9/01/23) 3,425 Rhode Island Housing & Mortgage Finance Corporation, Homeownership Opportunity Bond 4/29 at 100.00 AA+ 3,579,125 Program, 2019 Series 71, 3.100%, 10/01/44 63 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Rhode Island (continued) $ 292,435 Rhode Island Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 11/21 at 16.44 CCC– $ 48,842,494 Bonds, Series 2007A, 0.010%, 6/01/52 296,860 Total Rhode Island 53,526,479 South Carolina – 3.0% (1.9% of Total Investments) 7,600 Piedmont Municipal Power Agency, South Carolina, Electric Revenue Bonds, Series 2004A-2, No Opt. Call A– 6,329,128 0.000%, 1/01/31 – AMBAC Insured South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, Bishop Gadsden Episcopal Retirement Community, Series 2019A: 890 5.000%, 4/01/49 4/26 at 103.00 BBB– 1,005,033 1,165 4.000%, 4/01/54 4/26 at 103.00 BBB– 1,254,565 1,630 5.000%, 4/01/54 4/26 at 103.00 BBB– 1,836,374 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, Hilton Head Christian Academy, Series 2020: 405 5.000%, 1/01/40, 144A 1/30 at 100.00 N/R 428,895 1,000 5.000%, 1/01/55, 144A 1/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,040,020 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Lutheran Homes of South Carolina Inc., Refunding Series 2017B: 1,000 5.000%, 5/01/37 5/23 at 104.00 N/R 1,052,430 750 5.000%, 5/01/42 5/23 at 104.00 N/R 778,058 4,000 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Prisma 5/28 at 100.00 A 4,763,280 Health Obligated Group, Series 2018A, 5.000%, 5/01/48 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Refunding & Improvement Series 2015A: 11,430 5.000%, 12/01/50 6/25 at 100.00 A 12,998,767 34,000 5.000%, 12/01/50 (UB) (6) 6/25 at 100.00 A 38,666,500 8,630 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Refunding & 12/30 at 100.00 A 10,848,946 Improvement Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/43 5,075 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Refunding 12/24 at 100.00 A 5,710,035 Series 2014C, 5.000%, 12/01/46 1,310 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Series 12/23 at 100.00 A 1,428,280 2013A, 5.125%, 12/01/43 10,300 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Series 6/24 at 100.00 A 11,522,095 2014A, 5.500%, 12/01/54 10,250 Spartanburg Regional Health Services District, Inc., South Carolina, Hospital Revenue 4/22 at 100.00 A 10,450,797 Bonds, Refunding Series 2012A, 5.000%, 4/15/32 99,435 Total South Carolina 110,113,203 South Dakota – 1.0% (0.6% of Total Investments) 15,000 South Dakota Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Avera Health, 7/27 at 100.00 AA– 17,685,000 Refunding Series 2017, 5.000%, 7/01/46 11,400 South Dakota Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Monument 9/30 at 100.00 AA– 12,978,216 Health, Inc., Series 2020A, 4.000%, 9/01/50 3,765 South Dakota Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Regional 9/27 at 100.00 AA– 4,454,823 Health, Refunding Series 2017, 5.000%, 9/01/40 30,165 Total South Dakota 35,118,039 Tennessee – 0.7% (0.5% of Total Investments) 12,895 Chattanooga Health, Educational and Housing Facility Board, Tennessee, Revenue Bonds, 1/23 at 100.00 BBB+ (5) 13,629,112 Catholic Health Initiatives, Series 2013A, 5.250%, 1/01/45 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23) 1,850 Chattanooga-Hamilton County Hospital Authority, Tennessee, Hospital Revenue Bonds, 10/24 at 100.00 Baa2 2,050,670 Erlanger Health System, Refunding Series 2014A, 5.000%, 10/01/39 2,000 Knox County Health, Educational and Housing Facility Board, Tennessee, Hospital Revenue 2/29 at 100.00 A 2,225,760 Bonds, East Tennessee Children’s Hospital, Series 2019, 4.000%, 11/15/48 64 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Tennessee (continued) $ 2,645 Memphis/Shelby County Economic Development Growth Engine Industrial Development Board, 7/27 at 100.00 N/R $ 2,529,096 Tennessee, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Graceland Project, Senior Series 2017A, 5.500%, 7/01/37 3,560 Metropolitan Government of Nashville-Davidson County Health and Educational Facilities 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,136,000 Board, Tennessee, Revenue Bonds, Knowledge Academy Charter School, Series 2017A, 0.000%, 6/15/37, 144A (4) 1,010 Tennessee Housing Development Agency, Residential Finance Program Bonds, Series 2020-3A, 7/29 at 100.00 AA+ 1,019,353 2.550%, 1/01/45 10,000 The Health and Educational Facilities Board of the City of Franklin, Tennessee, Revenue 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 3,000,000 Bonds, Provision Cares Proton Therapy Center, Nashville Project, Series 2017A, 7.500%, 6/01/47, 144A (4) 33,960 Total Tennessee 26,589,991 Texas – 10.9% (7.0% of Total Investments) 3,520 Aubrey, Denton County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Jackson Ridge Public 9/23 at 103.00 N/R 3,744,048 Improvement District Phase 1 Project, Series 2015, 7.250%, 9/01/45 2,980 Aubrey, Denton County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Jackson Ridge Public 9/23 at 103.00 N/R 3,164,790 Improvement District Phases 2-3 Major Improvements Project, Series 2015, 8.250%, 9/01/40 5,480 Austin, Texas, Electric Utility System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 11/25 at 100.00 AA 6,275,148 11/15/45 (UB) (6) 2,500 Board of Managers, Joint Guadalupe County-Seguin City Hospital, Texas, Hospital Mortgage 12/25 at 100.00 BB 2,660,300 Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2015, 5.000%, 12/01/45 2,280 Celina, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Sutton Fields II Public Improvement 3/23 at 103.00 N/R 2,387,570 District Neighborhood Improvement Area 1 Project, Series 2015, 7.250%, 9/01/45 4,055 Celina, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Sutton Fields II Public Improvement 3/23 at 103.00 N/R 4,240,070 District Neighborhood Improvement Areas 2-5 Major Improvement Project, Series 2015, 8.250%, 9/01/40 370 Celina, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Wells South Public Improvement District 9/24 at 100.00 N/R 386,498 Neighborhood Improvement Area 1 Project, Series 2015, 6.250%, 9/01/45 Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2020A: 3,000 5.000%, 1/01/44 1/30 at 100.00 A– 3,666,450 3,940 5.000%, 1/01/49 1/30 at 100.00 A– 4,782,924 3,335 Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2020E, 1/30 at 100.00 A– 4,063,564 5.000%, 1/01/45 13,685 Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien, Series 2015A, 7/25 at 100.00 A– (5) 15,896,906 5.000%, 1/01/45 (Pre-refunded 7/01/25) 6,375 Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien, Series 2016, 1/26 at 100.00 A– 6,699,806 3.375%, 1/01/41 270 Clifton Higher Education Finance Corporation, Texas, Education Revenue Bonds, Idea No Opt. Call A– 277,276 Public Schools, Series 2012, 3.750%, 8/15/22 Clifton Higher Education Finance Corporation, Texas, Education Revenue Bonds, Uplift Education Charter School, Series 2013A: 765 4.350%, 12/01/42 12/22 at 100.00 BBB– 781,409 685 4.400%, 12/01/47 12/22 at 100.00 BBB– 699,159 4,000 Clifton Higher Education Finance Corporation, Texas, Education Revenue Bonds, Uplift 6/25 at 100.00 BBB– 4,389,800 Education Charter School, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 12/01/45 Club Municipal Management District 1, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Improvement Area 1 Project, Series 2016: 525 5.750%, 9/01/28 9/23 at 103.00 N/R 569,378 745 6.500%, 9/01/46 9/23 at 103.00 N/R 807,736 2,520 Decatur Hospital Authority, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Wise Regional Health System, Series 9/23 at 100.00 N/R 2,742,541 2013A, 6.375%, 9/01/42 400 Decatur Hospital Authority, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Wise Regional Health System, Series 9/24 at 100.00 BBB– 439,388 2014A, 5.250%, 9/01/44 65 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) $ 1,255 Fort Bend County Industrial Development Corporation, Texas, Revenue Bonds, NRG Energy 11/22 at 100.00 Baa2 $ 1,300,318 Inc. Project, Series 2012A. RMKT, 4.750%, 5/01/38 8,920 Fort Bend County Industrial Development Corporation, Texas, Revenue Bonds, NRG Energy 11/22 at 100.00 Baa2 9,240,496 Inc. Project, Series 2012B, 4.750%, 11/01/42 6,660 Grand Parkway Transportation Corporation, Texas, System Toll Revenue Bonds, Refunding 4/30 at 100.00 A+ 7,597,728 First Tier Series 2020C, 4.000%, 10/01/49 Grand Parkway Transportation Corporation, Texas, System Toll Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Lien Series 2013B: 20,000 5.250%, 10/01/51 (Pre-refunded 10/01/23) 10/23 at 100.00 AA (5) 21,888,400 10,000 5.000%, 4/01/53 (Pre-refunded 10/01/23) (UB) (6) 10/23 at 100.00 AA (5) 10,896,500 5,470 Grand Parkway Transportation Corporation, Texas, System Toll Revenue Bonds, Tender 10/23 at 100.00 AA (5) 7,432,198 Option Bond Trust 2015-XF0228, 18.108%, 11/01/44 (Pre-refunded 10/01/23), 144A (IF) (6) 4,255 Harris County Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Revenue Bonds, 6/25 at 100.00 AA 4,801,555 Houston Methodist Hospital System, Series 2015, 5.000%, 12/01/45 4,080 Harris County, Texas, General Obligation Toll Road Revenue Bonds, Tender Option Bond No Opt. Call AAA 8,857,150 Trust 2015-XF0074, 14.403%, 8/15/32 – AGM Insured, 144A (IF) 10,000 Harris County, Texas, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, Refunding First Lien Series 2021A, 8/30 at 100.00 Aa2 11,567,800 4.000%, 8/15/50 6,000 Harris County-Houston Sports Authority, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Capital Appreciation 11/31 at 44.13 AA 1,924,020 Refunding Senior Lien Series 2014A, 0.000%, 11/15/48 6,000 Harris County-Houston Sports Authority, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien 11/24 at 100.00 A3 6,626,220 Series 2014A, 5.000%, 11/15/53 Harris County-Houston Sports Authority, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Third Lien Series 2004A-3: 1,940 0.000%, 11/15/34 (Pre-refunded 11/15/24) – NPFG Insured 11/24 at 55.69 Baa2 (5) 1,059,337 14,055 0.000%, 11/15/34 – NPFG Insured 11/24 at 55.69 Baa2 7,198,549 5,000 Houston Higher Education Finance Corporation, Texas, Education Revenue Bonds, KIPP, 8/25 at 100.00 AAA 5,314,100 Inc., Refunding Series 2015, 4.000%, 8/15/44 Houston, Texas, Hotel Occupancy Tax and Special Revenue Bonds, Convention and Entertainment Project, Series 2001B: 4,130 0.000%, 9/01/26 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call AA 3,863,698 4,865 0.000%, 9/01/27 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call AA 4,435,907 4,715 Houston, Texas, Hotel Occupancy Tax and Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2015, 9/24 at 100.00 A 5,195,836 5.000%, 9/01/40 17,000 Houston, Texas, Water and Sewerage System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Junior Lien Series No Opt. Call AAA (5) 24,817,620 2002A, 5.750%, 12/01/32 – AGM Insured (ETM) 940 Kerrville Health Facilities Development Corporation, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Sid Peterson 8/25 at 100.00 A 1,062,529 Memorial Hospital Project, Series 2015, 5.000%, 8/15/30 1,000 Lower Colorado River Authority, Texas, Transmission Contract Revenue Bonds, LCRA 5/25 at 100.00 A+ 1,131,980 Transmission Services Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2015, 5.000%, 5/15/45 McCamey County Hospital District, Texas, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2013: 3,095 5.750%, 12/01/33 12/25 at 100.00 B1 3,346,964 3,125 6.125%, 12/01/38 12/25 at 100.00 B1 3,393,531 Montgomery County Toll Road Authority, Texas, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2018: 1,900 5.000%, 9/15/43 9/25 at 100.00 BBB– 2,117,702 1,785 5.000%, 9/15/48 9/25 at 100.00 BBB– 1,982,867 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Retirement Facility Revenue Bonds, Legacy at Willow Bend Project, Series 2016: 2,335 5.000%, 11/01/46 11/23 at 103.00 BBB– 2,496,559 6,015 5.000%, 11/01/51 11/23 at 103.00 BBB– 6,425,042 745 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Retirement Facility 1/25 at 100.00 N/R 774,487 Revenue Bonds, Wesleyan Homes, Inc. Project, Series 2014, 5.500%, 1/01/43 66 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) $ 210 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/26 at 100.00 N/R (5) $ 248,993 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Corpus Christi II, L.L.C.-Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi Project, Series, 5.000%, 4/01/48 (Pre-refunded 4/01/26) 4,530 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/24 at 100.00 AA 4,810,362 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Foundation – College Station I LLC – Texas A&M University Project, Series 2014A, 4.100%, 4/01/34 – AGM Insured 820 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/26 at 100.00 N/R (5) 970,290 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Foundation – San Antonio 1, L.L.C. – Texas A&M University – San Antonio Project,, 5.000%, 4/01/48 (Pre-refunded 4/01/26) New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Foundation – Stephenville II, L.L.C. – Tarleton State University Project, Series: 1,000 5.000%, 4/01/34 (Pre-refunded 4/01/24) 4/24 at 100.00 N/R (5) 1,102,490 2,200 5.000%, 4/01/39 (Pre-refunded 4/01/24) 4/24 at 100.00 N/R (5) 2,425,478 1,600 5.000%, 4/01/46 (Pre-refunded 4/01/24) 4/24 at 100.00 N/R (5) 1,763,984 5,540 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/24 at 100.00 N/R (5) 6,121,922 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Galveston-Texas A&M University at Galveston Project, Series 2014A, 5.000%, 4/01/39 (Pre-refunded 4/01/24) 3,220 North Fort Bend Water Authority, Texas, Water System Revenue Bonds, Series 2011, 5.000%, 12/21 at 100.00 AA (5) 3,238,451 12/15/36 (Pre-refunded 12/15/21) – AGM Insured North Texas Tollway Authority, Special Projects System Revenue Bonds, Convertible Capital Appreciation Series 2011C: 2,590 0.000%, 9/01/43 (Pre-refunded 9/01/31) (8) 9/31 at 100.00 N/R (5) 3,593,521 3,910 6.750%, 9/01/45 (Pre-refunded 9/01/31) 9/31 at 100.00 N/R (5) 5,869,418 6,155 North Texas Tollway Authority, System Revenue Bonds, Refunding First Tier, Series 2015B, 1/23 at 100.00 A+ 6,480,169 5.000%, 1/01/40 2,000 North Texas Tollway Authority, System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Second Tier, Series 1/25 at 100.00 A 2,253,340 2015A, 5.000%, 1/01/38 610 Reagan Hospital District of Reagan County, Texas, Limited Tax Revenue Bonds, Series 2/24 at 100.00 Ba1 648,473 2014A, 5.125%, 2/01/39 1,000 Red River Education Finance Corporation, Texas, Higher Education Revenue Bonds, Saint 6/26 at 100.00 BBB 1,083,440 Edward?s University Project, Series 2016, 4.000%, 6/01/41 1,870 Tarrant County Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Hospital 9/23 at 100.00 A3 (5) 2,046,491 Revenue Bonds, Hendrick Medical Center, Refunding Series 2013, 5.500%, 9/01/43 (Pre-refunded 9/01/23) 17,640 Tarrant County Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Hospital 5/26 at 100.00 AA– 20,611,811 Revenue Bonds, Scott & White Healthcare Project, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 11/15/45 (UB) (6) 4,565 Texas City Industrial Development Corporation, Texas, Industrial Development Revenue 2/25 at 100.00 Baa2 4,950,834 Bonds, NRG Energy, inc. Project, Fixed Rate Series 2012, 4.125%, 12/01/45 3,435 Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs, Single Family Mortgage Revenue Bonds, 9/27 at 100.00 Aaa 3,704,441 Series 2018A, 4.250%, 9/01/43 Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs, Single Family Mortgage Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A: 7,250 2.250%, 9/01/46 3/30 at 100.00 Aaa 7,002,630 7,000 2.350%, 9/01/51 3/30 at 100.00 Aaa 6,720,210 Texas Private Activity Bond Surface Transportation Corporation, Senior Lien Revenue Bonds, LBJ Infrastructure Group LLC IH-635 Managed Lanes Project, Refunding Series 2020A: 5,810 4.000%, 12/31/36 12/30 at 100.00 Baa2 6,813,445 2,735 4.000%, 6/30/37 12/30 at 100.00 Baa2 3,198,364 3,175 Texas Transportation Commission, Central Texas Turnpike System Revenue Bonds, Refunding 8/22 at 100.00 A (5) 3,296,126 First Tier Series 2012A, 5.000%, 8/15/41 (Pre-refunded 8/15/22) Texas Transportation Commission, Central Texas Turnpike System Revenue Bonds, Refunding First Tier Series 2015B: 11,280 0.000%, 8/15/36 8/24 at 59.60 A 6,491,189 10,000 0.000%, 8/15/37 8/24 at 56.94 A 5,494,600 67 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) Texas Transportation Commission, Central Texas Turnpike System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Second Tier Series 2015C: $ 5,000 5.000%, 8/15/37 8/24 at 100.00 A– $ 5,589,150 31,810 5.000%, 8/15/42 8/24 at 100.00 A– 35,505,686 7,500 Texas Transportation Commission, State Highway 249 System Revenue Bonds, First Tier Toll 2/29 at 100.00 Baa3 8,637,900 Series 2019A, 5.000%, 8/01/57 4,400 Texas Turnpike Authority, Central Texas Turnpike System Revenue Bonds, First Tier Series No Opt. Call A 4,254,712 2002A, 0.000%, 8/15/25 – AMBAC Insured 1,415 Ysleta Independent School District Public Facility Corporation, Texas, Lease Revenue 5/22 at 100.00 AA– 1,453,573 Refunding Bonds, Series 2001, 5.375%, 11/15/24 – AMBAC Insured 376,985 Total Texas 401,805,347 Utah – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) Black Desert Public Infrastructure District, Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2021A: 510 3.750%, 3/01/41, 144A 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 517,584 1,095 4.000%, 3/01/51, 144A 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,112,498 3,360 MIDA Military Installation Development Authority Golf and Equestrian Center Public 12/26 at 103.00 N/R 3,348,206 Infrastructure District, Utah, Limited Tax and Tax Allocation Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 4.625%, 6/01/57, 144A (WI/DD, Settling 9/01/21) 500 Red Bridge Public Infrastructure District 1, Utah, Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, 2/26 at 103.00 N/R 515,925 Series 2021A, 4.375%, 2/01/51, 144A 5,465 Total Utah 5,494,213 Vermont – 0.1% (0.0% of Total Investments) 1,835 Vermont Economic Development Authority, Mortgage Revenue Bonds, Wake Robin Corporation 5/28 at 103.00 N/R 1,951,302 Project, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 5/01/45 Virgin Islands – 0.0% (0.0% of Total Investments) 1,790 Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority, Gross Receipts Taxes Loan Note, Refunding 10/22 at 100.00 AA 1,846,886 Series 2012A, 5.000%, 10/01/32 – AGM Insured Virginia – 0.9% (0.6% of Total Investments) Embrey Mill Community Development Authority, Virginia, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2015: 1,200 5.300%, 3/01/35, 144A 3/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,264,968 1,085 5.600%, 3/01/45, 144A 3/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,143,405 5,500 Hampton Roads Transportation Accountability Commission, Virginia, Revenue Bonds, Hampton 7/30 at 100.00 AA 6,825,225 Roads Transportation Fund, Senior Lien Series 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/60 11,380 Hampton Roads Transportation Accountability Commission, Virginia, Hampton Roads 1/28 at 100.00 AA+ 13,854,126 Transportation Fund Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2018A, 5.500%, 7/01/57 James City County Economic Development Authority, Virginia, Residential Care Facility Revenue Bonds, Williamsburg Landing Inc., Refunding Series 2021A: 1,115 4.000%, 12/01/40 12/27 at 103.00 N/R 1,221,516 2,690 4.000%, 12/01/50 12/27 at 103.00 N/R 2,916,794 2,000 Peninsula Town Center Community Development Authority, Virginia, Special Obligation 9/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,162,320 Bonds, Refunding Series 2018, 5.000%, 9/01/45, 144A 1,000 Virginia College Building Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Marymount 7/25 at 100.00 BB+ 1,070,650 University Project, Green Series 2015B, 5.250%, 7/01/35, 144A 2,020 Virginia Small Business Finance Authority, Tourism Development Financing Program Revenue 4/28 at 112.76 N/R 2,349,523 Bonds, Downtown Norfolk and Virginia Beach Oceanfront Hotel Projects, Series 2018A, 8.375%, 4/01/41, 144A 27,990 Total Virginia 32,808,527 68 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Washington – 1.9% (1.2% of Total Investments) $ 5,000 Energy Northwest, Washington, Electric Revenue Bonds, Columbia Generating Station, 7/25 at 100.00 Aa2 $ 5,745,200 Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/38 (UB) (6) 1,250 Washington Health Care Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Providence Health & 10/24 at 100.00 AA– 1,842,500 Services, Tender Option Bond Trust 2015-XF0148, 17.952%, 10/01/44, 144A (IF) (6) 20,455 Washington Health Care Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Seattle Cancer Center 9/30 at 100.00 A+ 25,414,315 Alliance, Series 2020, 5.000%, 9/01/55 6,655 Washington Health Care Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Seattle Children’s Hospital, 10/22 at 100.00 Aa2 (5) 6,944,759 Series 2012A, 5.000%, 10/01/42 (Pre-refunded 10/01/22) Washington State Housing Finance Commission, Non-profit Housing Revenue Bonds, Presbyterian Retirement Communities Northwest Project, Refunding Series 2016A: 5,450 5.000%, 1/01/46, 144A 1/25 at 102.00 BB 5,891,177 3,650 5.000%, 1/01/51, 144A 1/25 at 102.00 BB 3,939,664 21,510 Washington State, Motor Vehicle Fuel Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2002-03C, No Opt. Call Aaa 19,787,049 0.000%, 6/01/28 – NPFG Insured (UB) (6) 63,970 Total Washington 69,564,664 West Virginia – 1.3% (0.8% of Total Investments) 1,900 Monongalia County Commission, West Virginia, Special District Excise Tax Revenue Bonds, 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,159,065 University Town Centre Economic Opportunity Development District, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017A, 5.500%, 6/01/37, 144A 465 Monongalia County Commission, West Virginia, Special District Excise Tax Revenue Bonds, 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 512,337 University Town Centre Economic Opportunity Development District, Refunding & Improvement Series 2021A, 4.125%, 6/01/43, 144A 40,950 West Virginia Hospital Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, West Virginia United 6/23 at 100.00 A (5) 44,322,642 Health System Obligated Group, Refunding & Improvement Series 2013A, 5.500%, 6/01/44 (Pre-refunded 6/01/23) 43,315 Total West Virginia 46,994,044 Wisconsin – 3.6% (2.3% of Total Investments) Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Cornerstone Charter Academy, North Carolina, Series 2016A: 1,750 5.000%, 2/01/36, 144A 2/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,871,205 305 5.125%, 2/01/46, 144A 2/26 at 100.00 N/R 323,520 1,715 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Corvian Community 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,808,793 School Bonds, North Carolina, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 6/15/49, 144A 500 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Corvian Community 6/24 at 100.00 N/R 517,860 School, North Carolina, Series 2017A, 5.125%, 6/15/47, 144A 1,480 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Envision Science 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,562,244 Academy Project, Series 2016A, 5.125%, 5/01/36, 144A 6,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Phoenix Academy 6/24 at 100.00 N/R 6,096,480 Charter School, North Carolina, Series 2017A, 5.625%, 6/15/37, 144A Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Uwharrie Charter Academy, North Carolina, Series 2017A: 1,000 5.500%, 6/15/37, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,018,530 1,790 5.625%, 6/15/47, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,837,936 35,100 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Limited Obligation PILOT Revenue Bonds, American 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 38,527,866 Dream @ Meadowlands Project, Series 2017, 7.000%, 12/01/50, 144A 1,700 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Alabama Proton Therapy Center, 10/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,717,595 Senior Series 2017A, 7.000%, 10/01/47, 144A Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Prime Healthcare Foundation, Inc., Series 2017A: 1,410 5.000%, 12/01/27 No Opt. Call BBB– 1,570,670 1,815 5.200%, 12/01/37 12/27 at 100.00 BBB– 2,147,091 69 Table of Contents NVG Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Wisconsin (continued) Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Roseman University of Health Sciences, Series 2020: $ 1,300 5.000%, 4/01/40, 144A 4/30 at 100.00 BB $ 1,536,548 4,765 5.000%, 4/01/50, 144A 4/30 at 100.00 BB 5,553,607 Public Finance Authority, Wisconsin, Educational Revenue Bonds, Lake Norman Charter School, Series 2018A: 4,050 5.000%, 6/15/38, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 BBB– 4,446,495 1,575 5.000%, 6/15/48, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 BBB– 1,709,347 2,500 Public Finance Authority, Wisconsin, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, Celanese Project, 5/26 at 100.00 BBB 2,747,625 Refunding Series 2016C, 4.050%, 11/01/30 6,620 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Froedtert Health 10/22 at 100.00 AA 6,839,387 Inc. Obligated Group, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 4/01/42 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Marshfield Clinic, Series 2012B: 3,505 4.500%, 2/15/40 2/22 at 100.00 A– 3,531,568 1,485 5.000%, 2/15/40 2/22 at 100.00 A– 1,504,157 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Mercy Alliance, Inc., Series 2012: 11,000 5.000%, 6/01/32 6/22 at 100.00 A3 11,284,240 1,500 5.000%, 6/01/39 6/22 at 100.00 A3 1,536,885 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, PHW Muskego, Inc. Project, Series 2021: 2,405 4.000%, 10/01/51 10/28 at 102.00 N/R 2,457,453 3,845 4.000%, 10/01/61 10/28 at 102.00 N/R 3,885,142 1,450 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Rocket Education 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,586,010 Obligated Group, Series 2017C, 5.250%, 6/01/40, 144A 1,000 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, 8/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,057,200 American Baptist Homes of the Midwest Obligated Group, Refunding Series 2017, 5.000%, 8/01/37 2,505 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Aurora 4/23 at 100.00 Aa3 (5) 2,680,375 Health Care, Inc., Series 2013A, 5.125%, 4/15/31 (Pre-refunded 4/15/23) Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Dickson Hollow Project. Series 2014: 1,000 5.375%, 10/01/44 10/22 at 102.00 N/R 1,034,220 1,500 5.500%, 10/01/49 10/22 at 102.00 N/R 1,552,725 1,000 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Rogers 7/24 at 100.00 A 1,111,630 Memorial Hospital, Inc., Series 2014A, 5.000%, 7/01/34 1,850 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Saint 11/26 at 103.00 N/R 2,039,107 Camillus Health System Inc, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 11/01/54 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Saint John’s Communities Inc., Series 2015B: 550 5.000%, 9/15/37 9/22 at 100.00 BBB– 572,055 1,350 5.000%, 9/15/45 9/22 at 100.00 BBB– 1,404,135 1,000 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Three 8/23 at 100.00 BBB+ (5) 1,084,170 Pillars Senior Living Communities, Refunding Series 2013, 5.000%, 8/15/33 (Pre-refunded 8/15/23) Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Woodland Hills Senior Housing Project, Series 2014: 2,565 5.000%, 12/01/44 12/22 at 102.00 N/R 2,648,952 1,775 5.250%, 12/01/49 12/22 at 102.00 N/R 1,836,397 Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority, Housing Revenue Bonds, Series 2019A: 2,800 3.150%, 11/01/44 11/28 at 100.00 AA 2,928,492 4,000 3.200%, 11/01/49 11/28 at 100.00 AA 4,160,280 123,460 Total Wisconsin 131,727,992 70 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Wyoming – 0.1% (0.0% of Total Investments) Teton County Hospital District, Wyoming, Hospital Revenue Bonds, St. John’s Medical Center Project, Series 2011B: $ 1,000 5.500%, 12/01/27 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 12/21 at 100.00 N/R (5) $ 1,004,200 1,000 6.000%, 12/01/36 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 12/21 at 100.00 N/R (5) 1,004,590 2,000 Total Wyoming 2,008,790 $ 5,930,649 Total Municipal Bonds (cost $5,140,995,422) 5,712,869,827 Shares Description (1) Value COMMON STOCKS – 0.9% (0.6% of Total Investments) Electric Utilities – 0.9% (0.6% of Total Investments) 676,308 Energy Harbor Corp (9), (10), (11) $ 32,378,245 Total Common Stocks (cost $15,015,822) 32,378,245 Total Long-Term Investments (cost $5,156,011,244) 5,745,248,072 Floating Rate Obligations – (5.1)% (187,400,000) MuniFund Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs – (11.0)% (12) (404,033,874) Adjustable Rate MuniFund Term Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs – (3.0)% (13) (111,923,894) Variable Rate Demand Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs – (38.2)% (14) (1,408,222,865) Other Assets Less Liabilities – 1.5% 53,668,682 Net Assets Applicable to Common Shares – 100% $ 3,687,336,121 (1) All percentages shown in the Portfolio of Investments are based on net assets applicable
to common shares unless otherwise noted. (2) Optional Call Provisions: Dates (month and year) and prices of the earliest optional call
or redemption. There may be other call provisions at varying prices at later dates. Certain mortgage-backed securities may be subject
to periodic principal paydowns. Optional Call Provisions are not covered by the report of independent registered public accounting firm. (3) The ratings disclosed are the lowest of Standard & Poor’s Group (“Standard
& Poor’s”), Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) or Fitch, Inc. (“Fitch”)
rating. Ratings below BBB by Standard & Poor’s, Baa by Moody’s or BBB by Fitch are considered to be below investment
grade. Holdings designated N/R are not rated by any of these national rating agencies. Ratings are not covered by the report of independent
registered public accounting firm. (4) Defaulted security. A security whose issuer has failed to fully pay principal and/or interest
when due, or is under the protection of bankruptcy. (5) Backed by an escrow or trust containing sufficient U.S. Government or U.S. Government agency
securities, which ensure the timely payment of principal and interest. (6) Investment, or portion of investment, has been pledged to collateralize the net payment obligations
for investments in inverse floating rate transactions. (7) Investment valued at fair value using methods determined in good faith by, or at the discretion
of, the Board. For fair value measurement disclosure purposes, investment classified as Level 3. (8) Step-up coupon bond, a bond with a coupon that increases ("steps up"), usually
at regular intervals, while the bond is outstanding. The rate shown is the coupon as of the end of the reporting period. (9) Common Stock received as part of the bankruptcy settlements during February 2020 for Beaver
County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding
Series 2005A, 4.000%, 1/01/35, Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds,
FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2006A, 3.500%, 4/01/41, Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania,
Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2006B, 3.500%, 12/01/35, Ohio Air Quality Development
Authority, Ohio, Air Quality Development Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Series 2009A, 5.700%, 8/01/20, Ohio
Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Refunding Series
2009B, 3.100%, 3/01/23, Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation
Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2010B, 3.750%, 6/01/33, Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue
Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2006B, 3.125%, 1/01/34, Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control
Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2006B, 4.000%, 12/01/33, Ohio Water Development Authority,
Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2010C, 4.000%, 6/01/33. (10) For fair value measurement disclosure purposes, investment classified as Level 2. (11) Non-income producing; issuer has not declared an ex-dividend date within the past twelve
months. (12) MuniFund Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs as a percentage of Total Investments
is 7.0%. (13) Adjustable Rate MuniFund Term Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs as a percentage
of Total Investments is 1.9%. (14) Variable Rate Demand Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs as a percentage of
Total Investments is 24.5%. 144A Investment is exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended. These investments may only be resold in transactions which are normally those transactions with qualified institutional
buyers. ETM Escrowed to maturity. IF Inverse floating rate security issued by a tender option bond (“TOB”)
trust, the interest rate on which varies inversely with the Securities Industry Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) short-term rate,
which resets weekly, or a similar short-term rate, and is reduced by the expenses related to the TOB trust. UB Underlying bond of an inverse floating rate trust reflected as a financing
transaction. WI/DD Purchased on a when-issued or delayed delivery basis. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 71 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS – 153.7% (100.0% of Total Investments) MUNICIPAL BONDS – 151.3% (98.4% of Total Investments) Alabama – 0.9% (0.6% of Total Investments) $ 8,585 Alabama Private Colleges and University Facilities Authority, Limited Obligation Bonds, 9/25 at 100.00 N/R $ 9,344,429 University of Mobile Project, Series 2015A, 6.000%, 9/01/45, 144A 3,720 Alabama Special Care Facilities Financing Authority, Birmingham, Hospital Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R (4) 3,975,415 Daughters of Charity National Health System – Providence Hospital and St. Vincent’s Hospital, Series 1995, 5.000%, 11/01/25 (ETM) 5,835 Lower Alabama Gas District, Alabama, Gas Project Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A, No Opt. Call A2 8,299,471 5.000%, 9/01/46 18,140 Total Alabama 21,619,315 Alaska – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Snettisham Hydroelectric Project, Refunding Series 2015: 1,000 5.000%, 1/01/31 (AMT) 7/25 at 100.00 Baa2 1,091,490 2,950 5.000%, 1/01/33 (AMT) 7/25 at 100.00 Baa2 3,212,904 2,900 5.000%, 1/01/34 (AMT) 7/25 at 100.00 Baa2 3,153,286 6,850 Total Alaska 7,457,680 Arizona – 1.7% (1.1% of Total Investments) 1,300 Apache County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Pollution Control Revenue 3/22 at 100.00 A– 1,316,419 Bonds, Tucson Electric Power Company, Series 20102A, 4.500%, 3/01/30 2,820 Arizona Health Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Scottsdale Lincoln Hospitals 12/24 at 100.00 A+ 3,178,366 Project, Refunding Series 2014A, 5.000%, 12/01/39 10,450 Arizona Sports and Tourism Authority, Tax Revenue Bonds, Multipurpose Stadium Facility 7/22 at 100.00 A1 10,720,237 Project, Refunding Senior Series 2012A, 5.000%, 7/01/30 2,131 Cahava Springs Revitalization District, Cave Creek, Arizona, Special Assessment Bonds, 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,640,888 Series 2017A, 7.000%, 7/01/41, 144A (5) 3,185 Eastmark Community Facilities District 1, Mesa, Arizona, General Obligation Bonds, 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 3,360,684 Series 2015, 5.000%, 7/15/39, 144A 1,750 Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Hospital Revenue Bonds, 9/28 at 100.00 A+ 2,131,447 HonorHealth, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 9/01/42 Phoenix Mesa Gateway Airport Authority, Arizona, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, Mesa Project, Series 2012: 400 5.000%, 7/01/27 (AMT) 7/22 at 100.00 AA+ 412,296 950 5.000%, 7/01/32 (AMT) 7/22 at 100.00 AA+ 978,234 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, Edkey Charter Schools Project, Series 2016: 1,790 5.375%, 7/01/46 7/26 at 100.00 BB– 1,932,609 2,140 5.500%, 7/01/51 7/26 at 100.00 BB– 2,304,759 595 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 2/24 at 100.00 N/R 622,180 San Tan Montessori School Project, Series 2016, 6.500%, 2/01/48, 144A 2,060 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 2/28 at 100.00 N/R 2,326,523 San Tan Montessori School Project, Series 2017, 6.750%, 2/01/50, 144A 7,235 Salt Verde Financial Corporation, Arizona, Senior Gas Revenue Bonds, Citigroup Energy No Opt. Call A3 9,930,616 Inc Prepay Contract Obligations, Series 2007, 5.000%, 12/01/37 36,806 Total Arizona 40,855,258 California – 22.2% (14.4% of Total Investments) 2,000 ABC Unified School District, Los Angeles County, California, General Obligation Bonds, No Opt. Call Aa2 1,986,900 Series 2000B, 0.000%, 8/01/23 – FGIC Insured 72 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) $ 4,225 Alameda Unified School District, Alameda County, California, General Obligation Bonds, No Opt. Call AA $ 3,855,313 Series 2005B, 0.000%, 8/01/28 – AGM Insured 535 Antelope Valley Healthcare District, California, Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A, 3/26 at 100.00 BBB 586,087 5.000%, 3/01/41 1,900 Blythe Redevelopment Agency Successor Agency, California, Tax Allocation Bonds, 11/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,130,432 Redevelopment Project 1, Refunding Series 2015, 5.000%, 5/01/38 Calexico Unified School District, Imperial County, California, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2005B: 4,070 0.000%, 8/01/32 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call A 3,294,014 6,410 0.000%, 8/01/34 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call A 4,909,547 1,515 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 8/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,674,454 Verdant at Green Valley Apartments, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 8/01/49, 144A 1,295 California County Tobacco Securitization Agency, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,295,492 Golden Gate Tobacco Funding Corporation, Turbo, Series 2007A, 5.000%, 6/01/36 California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Saint Joseph Health System, Series 2013A: 3,840 5.000%, 7/01/33 7/23 at 100.00 AA– 4,137,254 710 5.000%, 7/01/37 7/23 at 100.00 AA– 764,471 825 California Municipal Finance Authority, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Santa Rosa 7/25 at 100.00 BB+ 899,349 Academy Project, Series 2015, 5.375%, 7/01/45, 144A 1,795 California Pollution Control Financing Authority, Water Furnishing Revenue Bonds, San 1/29 at 100.00 BBB 2,147,394 Diego County Water Authority Desalination Project Pipeline, Refunding Series 2019, 5.000%, 7/01/39, 144A 2,000 California School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Downtown College Prep – 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 2,150,420 Obligated Group, Series 2016, 5.000%, 6/01/51, 144A 2,000 California State Public Works Board, Lease Revenue Bonds, Judicial Council of 3/23 at 100.00 Aa3 2,119,300 California, Various Projects Series 2013A, 5.000%, 3/01/38 16,050 California State, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Various Purpose Series 2021, 12/30 at 100.00 Aa2 20,954,719 5.000%, 12/01/35 10,000 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma 12/24 at 100.00 BB 11,312,100 Linda University Medical Center, Series 2014A, 5.500%, 12/01/54 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma Linda University Medical Center, Series 2016A: 2,250 5.000%, 12/01/41, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 BB 2,567,250 17,155 5.000%, 12/01/46, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 BB 19,530,624 7,335 5.250%, 12/01/56, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 BB 8,393,441 27,545 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma 6/28 at 100.00 BB 33,438,804 Linda University Medical Center, Series 2018A, 5.500%, 12/01/58, 144A 182 California Statewide Community Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Daughters of 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 159,544 Charity Health System, Series 2005A, 5.500%, 7/01/39 (6), (5) 123 California Statewide Community Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Daughters of 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 107,692 Charity Health System, Series 2005H, 5.750%, 7/01/25 (6), (5) 9,955 Capistrano Unified School District, Orange County, California, Special Tax Bonds, No Opt. Call Baa2 8,026,617 Community Facilities District 98-2, Series 2005, 0.000%, 9/01/31 – FGIC Insured Clovis Unified School District, Fresno County, California, General Obligation Bonds, Election 2012 Series 2013B: 1,135 5.000%, 8/01/38 (Pre-refunded 8/01/23) 8/23 at 100.00 AA (4) 1,229,829 1,865 5.000%, 8/01/38 (Pre-refunded 8/01/23) 8/23 at 100.00 N/R (4) 2,019,590 4,000 Coast Community College District, Orange County, California, General Obligation Bonds, No Opt. Call AA+ 3,996,040 Series 2005, 0.000%, 8/01/22 – NPFG Insured 3,795 Colton Joint Unified School District, San Bernardino County, California, General No Opt. Call Aa3 2,710,313 Obligation Bonds, Series 2006C, 0.000%, 2/01/37 – FGIC Insured 73 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) $ 470 Contra Costa County, California, GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities Program Home Mortgage No Opt. Call AA+ (4) $ 478,728 Revenue Bonds, Series 1989, 7.750%, 5/01/22 (AMT) (ETM) 6,050 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 6,039,836 Altana Glendale, Series 2021A-1, 3.500%, 10/01/46, 144A 6,215 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 6,407,479 Altana Glendale, Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 10/01/56, 144A 1,320 Davis, California, Special Tax Bonds, Community Facilities District 2015-1 Series 2015, 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,476,842 5.000%, 9/01/40 5,000 Escondido Union School District, San Diego County, California, General Obligation Bonds, 8/27 at 100.00 AAA 5,639,350 Election 2014 Series 2018B, 4.000%, 8/01/47 2,510 Folsom Cordova Unified School District, Sacramento County, California, General No Opt. Call Aa2 2,274,386 Obligation Bonds, School Facilities Improvement District 1, Series 2004B, 0.000%, 10/01/28 – NPFG Insured 3,360 Folsom Cordova Unified School District, Sacramento County, California, General No Opt. Call Aa2 3,128,664 Obligation Bonds, School Facilities Improvement District 2, Series 2002A, 0.000%, 7/01/27 – NPFG Insured 3,725 Foothill/Eastern Transportation Corridor Agency, California, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call AA 2,861,955 Refunding Senior Lien Series 2015A, 0.000%, 1/15/34 – AGM Insured Foothill/Eastern Transportation Corridor Agency, California, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2013A: 3,000 0.000%, 1/15/26 (7) No Opt. Call A– 3,205,110 1,560 5.750%, 1/15/46 (Pre-refunded 1/15/24) 1/24 at 100.00 A– (4) 1,746,124 3,560 6.000%, 1/15/49 (Pre-refunded 1/15/24) 1/24 at 100.00 A– (4) 4,001,725 4,505 Foothill-De Anza Community College District, Santa Clara County, California, Election of No Opt. Call AAA 3,968,815 1999 General Obligation Bonds, Series A, 0.000%, 8/01/30 – NPFG Insured 5,855 Fremont Union High School District, Santa Clara County, California, General Obligation 8/27 at 100.00 AAA 6,733,250 Bonds, Refunding Series 2017A, 4.000%, 8/01/46 2,315 Gateway Unified School District, California, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2004B, No Opt. Call A+ 1,853,783 0.000%, 8/01/32 – FGIC Insured 5,000 Glendale Community College District, Los Angeles County, California, General Obligation 8/29 at 100.00 Aa2 5,783,650 Bonds, Election 2016 Taxable Refunding Series 2020B, 4.000%, 8/01/50 8,495 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Enhanced Tobacco Settlement 6/25 at 100.00 Aa3 (4) 9,884,357 Asset-Backed Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 6/01/45 (Pre-refunded 6/01/25) 3,170 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Enhanced Tobacco Settlement No Opt. Call AA (4) 3,060,223 Asset-Backed Revenue Bonds, Series 2005A, 0.000%, 6/01/26 – AGM Insured (ETM) 8,550 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 8,770,248 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2018A-1, 5.250%, 6/01/47 500 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 512,005 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2018A-2, 5.000%, 6/01/47 3,190 Hillsborough City School District, San Mateo County, California, General Obligation No Opt. Call AAA 3,013,274 Bonds, Series 2006B, 0.000%, 9/01/27 5,000 Huntington Beach Union High School District, Orange County, California, General No Opt. Call Aa2 4,191,450 Obligation Bonds, Series 2005, 0.000%, 8/01/31 – NPFG Insured 2,500 Huntington Beach Union High School District, Orange County, California, General No Opt. Call Aa2 2,042,825 Obligation Bonds, Series 2007, 0.000%, 8/01/32 – FGIC Insured 14,565 Los Angeles Department of Airports, California, Revenue Bonds, Los Angeles International 5/28 at 100.00 Aa3 17,583,596 Airport, Subordinate Lien Series 2018A, 5.000%, 5/15/44 (AMT) 74 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, California, Waterworks Revenue Bonds, Series 2021B: $ 2,000 5.000%, 7/01/39 1/31 at 100.00 Aa2 $ 2,607,100 3,835 5.000%, 7/01/40 1/31 at 100.00 Aa2 4,981,358 1,000 5.000%, 7/01/41 1/31 at 100.00 Aa2 1,295,580 6,010 5.000%, 7/01/42 1/31 at 100.00 Aa2 7,765,160 3,000 5.000%, 7/01/46 1/31 at 100.00 Aa2 3,844,410 2,750 Los Angeles Regional Airports Improvement Corporation, California, Lease Revenue Bonds, 1/22 at 100.00 A– 2,767,573 LAXFUEL Corporation at Los Angeles International Airport, Refunding Series 2012, 4.500%, 1/01/27 (AMT) 2,000 Martinez Unified School District, Contra Costa County, California, General Obligation 8/24 at 100.00 AA (4) 2,305,620 Bonds, Series 2011, 5.875%, 8/01/31 (Pre-refunded 8/01/24) 1,000 Mendocino-Lake Community College District, Mendocino and Lake Counties, California, 8/26 at 100.00 AA 1,218,790 General Obligation Bonds, Election 2006, Series 2011B, 5.600%, 8/01/31 – AGM Insured 10,000 Milpitas Municipal Financing Authority, California, Wastewater Revenue Bonds, Series 11/29 at 100.00 AA+ 11,615,100 2019, 4.000%, 11/01/49 2,335 Morongo Band of Mission Indians, California, Enterprise Revenue Bonds, Series 2018A, 10/28 at 100.00 BBB– 2,747,244 5.000%, 10/01/42, 144A Mount San Antonio Community College District, Los Angeles County, California, General Obligation Bonds, Election of 2008, Series 2013A: 1,030 0.000%, 8/01/28 (7) 2/28 at 100.00 Aa1 1,209,508 2,320 0.000%, 8/01/43 (7) 8/35 at 100.00 Aa1 2,604,339 5,420 M-S-R Energy Authority, California, Gas Revenue Bonds, Citigroup Prepay Contracts, No Opt. Call A 8,473,520 Series 2009B, 6.500%, 11/01/39 M-S-R Energy Authority, California, Gas Revenue Bonds, Citigroup Prepay Contracts, Series 2009C: 2,700 7.000%, 11/01/34 No Opt. Call A 4,051,647 2,200 6.500%, 11/01/39 No Opt. Call A 3,439,436 North Orange County Community College District, California, General Obligation Bonds, Election of 2002 Series 2003B: 7,735 0.000%, 8/01/25 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call AA+ 7,506,353 4,180 0.000%, 8/01/26 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call AA+ 3,987,929 10,885 Norwalk La Mirada Unified School District, Los Angeles County, California, General No Opt. Call Aa3 10,539,619 Obligation Bonds, Election 2002 Series 2005B, 0.000%, 8/01/25 – FGIC Insured 6,000 Palomar Pomerado Health, California, General Obligation Bonds, Capital Appreciation, No Opt. Call A2 5,862,360 Election of 2004, Series 2007A, 0.000%, 8/01/24 – NPFG Insured 12,210 Palomar Pomerado Health, California, General Obligation Bonds, Convertible Capital 8/30 at 100.00 A2 16,751,998 Appreciation, Election 2004 Series 2010A, 6.750%, 8/01/40 5,000 Palomar Pomerado Health, California, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2009A, 7.000%, 8/29 at 100.00 AA 6,960,150 8/01/38 – AGC Insured 1,750 Paramount Unified School District, Los Angeles County, California, General Obligation No Opt. Call AA 1,736,525 Bonds, Series 2001B, 0.000%, 9/01/23 – AGM Insured 9,315 Perris, California, GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities Program Single Family Mortgage No Opt. Call AA+ (4) 10,062,529 Revenue Bonds, Series 1989A, 7.600%, 1/01/23 (AMT) (ETM) 3,200 Redlands Unified School District, San Bernardino County, California, General Obligation No Opt. Call AA 2,959,648 Bonds, Series 2003, 0.000%, 7/01/27 – AGM Insured 205 Riverside County Transportation Commission, California, Toll Revenue Senior Lien Bonds, 6/23 at 100.00 A 222,452 Series 2013A, 5.750%, 6/01/44 2,755 Sacramento City Unified School District, Sacramento County, California, General No Opt. Call A2 2,659,154 Obligation Bonds, Series 2007, 0.000%, 7/01/25 – AGM Insured 3,550 San Buenaventura, California, Revenue Bonds, Community Memorial Health System, Series 12/21 at 100.00 BB (4) 3,570,697 2011, 7.500%, 12/01/41 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 75 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) $ 165 San Clemente, California, Special Tax Revenue Bonds, Community Facilities District 9/25 at 100.00 N/R $ 184,541 2006-1 Marblehead Coastal, Series 2015, 5.000%, 9/01/40 50,510 San Francisco Airports Commission, California, Revenue Bonds, San Francisco 5/28 at 100.00 A1 60,558,964 International Airport, Second Series 2018D, 5.000%, 5/01/48 (AMT) San Francisco Airports Commission, California, Revenue Bonds, San Francisco International Airport, Second Series 2019A: 1,000 5.000%, 5/01/44 (AMT) 5/29 at 100.00 A1 1,213,120 22,975 5.000%, 5/01/49 (AMT) 5/29 at 100.00 A1 27,661,670 2,700 San Joaquin Hills Transportation Corridor Agency, Orange County, California, Toll Road 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,998,107 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Junior Lien Series 2014B, 5.250%, 1/15/44 San Joaquin Hills Transportation Corridor Agency, Orange County, California, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2014A: 6,630 5.000%, 1/15/44 1/25 at 100.00 A– 7,389,732 3,160 5.000%, 1/15/50 1/25 at 100.00 A– 3,515,911 7,205 San Joaquin Hills Transportation Corridor Agency, Orange County, California, Toll Road No Opt. Call Baa2 7,056,649 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 1997A, 0.000%, 1/15/23 – NPFG Insured 9,750 San Luis Obispo County Community College District, California, General Obligation Bonds, 8/28 at 100.00 Aa2 11,340,322 Election of 2014 Series 2018B, 4.000%, 8/01/43 5,760 San Ysidro School District, San Diego County, California, General Obligation Bonds, 8/25 at 34.92 AA 1,887,034 Refunding Series 2015, 0.000%, 8/01/45 5,520 Silicon Valley Clean Water, Mateo County, California, Wastewater Revenue Bonds, Series 2/28 at 100.00 AA 6,295,229 2018, 4.000%, 8/01/42 Silicon Valley Tobacco Securitization Authority, California, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, Santa Clara County Tobacco Securitization Corporation, Series 2007A: 7,500 0.000%, 6/01/36 11/21 at 44.72 N/R 3,342,150 37,555 0.000%, 6/01/47 11/21 at 23.85 N/R 8,922,317 1,820 Southwestern Community College District, San Diego County, California, General 8/27 at 100.00 Aa2 2,088,395 Obligation Bonds, Election of 2016, Series 2017A, 4.000%, 8/01/42 1,800 Walnut Valley Unified School District, Los Angeles County, California, General No Opt. Call Aa1 1,685,520 Obligation Bonds, Election 2000 Series 2003D, 0.000%, 8/01/27 – FGIC Insured 4,005 Wiseburn School District, Los Angeles County, California, General Obligation Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 AA 4,528,173 Series 2011B, 0.000%, 8/01/36 – AGM Insured (7) 517,365 Total California 535,468,298 Colorado – 6.0% (3.9% of Total Investments) 1,500 Anthem West Metropolitan District, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 12/25 at 100.00 AA 1,747,560 2015, 5.000%, 12/01/35 – BAM Insured 1,206 Base Village Metropolitan District 2, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 1,244,556 Series 2016A, 5.500%, 12/01/36 Canyons Metropolitan District 5, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation and Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017A: 775 6.000%, 12/01/37 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 811,185 2,320 6.125%, 12/01/47 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 2,428,066 685 Canyons Metropolitan District 6, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 716,907 Obligation and Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017A, 6.125%, 12/01/47 Centerra Metropolitan District 1, Loveland, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017: 770 5.000%, 12/01/37, 144A 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 808,515 2,210 5.000%, 12/01/47, 144A 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 2,314,003 625 Central Platte Valley Metropolitan District, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, 12/23 at 100.00 BBB 670,787 Refunding Series 2013A, 6.000%, 12/01/38 976 Cherry Creek Corporate Center Metropolitan District, Arapahoe County, Colorado, Revenue 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,043,832 Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2015A, 5.000%, 6/01/37 76 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 14,060 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, AdventHealth Obligated 11/31 at 100.00 AA $ 16,339,688 Group, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 11/15/50 9,335 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Catholic Health 1/23 at 100.00 BBB+ (4) 9,872,136 Initiatives, Series 2013A, 5.250%, 1/01/45 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23) 2,000 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Children’s Hospital 12/23 at 100.00 A+ 2,175,000 Colorado Project, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 12/01/36 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, CommonSpirit Health, Series 2019A-2: 4,000 5.000%, 8/01/37 8/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,918,400 8,335 5.000%, 8/01/38 8/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 10,215,543 6,500 5.000%, 8/01/39 8/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 7,939,685 2,000 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Craig Hospital Project, 12/22 at 100.00 A+ 2,038,920 Series 2012, 4.000%, 12/01/42 585 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Evangelical Lutheran Good 6/23 at 100.00 N/R (4) 634,819 Samaritan Society Project, Series 2013, 5.625%, 6/01/43 (Pre-refunded 6/01/23) 3,655 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Evangelical Lutheran Good 6/25 at 100.00 N/R (4) 4,245,685 Samaritan Society Project, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 6/01/45 (Pre-refunded 6/01/25) 2,105 Colorado International Center Metropolitan District 14, Denver, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 2,260,707 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2018, 5.875%, 12/01/46 2,250 Colorado Springs, Colorado, Utilities System Revenue Bonds, Improvement Series 2013B-1, 11/23 at 100.00 AA+ 2,445,300 5.000%, 11/15/38 2,200 Denver City and County, Colorado, Airport System Revenue Bonds, Series 2012B, 5.000%, 11/22 at 100.00 AA– (4) 2,308,482 11/15/32 (Pre-refunded 11/15/22) 3,870 Denver City and County, Colorado, Airport System Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Lien Series 11/23 at 100.00 A+ 4,210,057 2013B, 5.000%, 11/15/43 Denver Urban Renewal Authority, Colorado, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, 9th and Colorado Urban Redevelopment Area, Series 2018A: 400 5.250%, 12/01/39, 144A 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 433,912 1,310 5.250%, 12/01/39, 144A 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,421,573 10,000 E-470 Public Highway Authority, Colorado, Senior Revenue Bonds, Capital Appreciation No Opt. Call A 6,145,200 Series 2010A, 0.000%, 9/01/41 8,845 E-470 Public Highway Authority, Colorado, Senior Revenue Bonds, Series 1997B, 0.000%, No Opt. Call A 8,410,887 9/01/26 – NPFG Insured E-470 Public Highway Authority, Colorado, Senior Revenue Bonds, Series 2000B: 7,550 0.000%, 9/01/29 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 6,668,764 11,100 0.000%, 9/01/31 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 9,259,953 10,000 0.000%, 9/01/32 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call A 8,129,700 Eaton Area Park and Recreation District, Colorado, General Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2015: 475 5.500%, 12/01/30 (Pre-refunded 12/01/22) 12/22 at 100.00 N/R (4) 501,956 180 5.250%, 12/01/34 (Pre-refunded 12/01/22) 12/22 at 100.00 N/R (4) 189,729 896 Flatiron Meadows Metropolitan District, Boulder County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 923,973 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2016, 5.125%, 12/01/46 Foothills Metropolitan District, Fort Collins, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2014: 1,125 5.750%, 12/01/30 12/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,179,484 1,000 6.000%, 12/01/38 12/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,028,460 770 Great Western Park Metropolitan District 2, Broomfield City and County, Colorado, 12/21 at 100.00 N/R 796,072 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 12/01/46 Johnstown Plaza Metropolitan District, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A: 1,590 5.250%, 12/01/36 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 1,640,005 6,130 5.375%, 12/01/46 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 6,322,175 77 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 1,000 Meridian Metropolitan District, Douglas County, Colorado, General Obligation Refunding 12/21 at 100.00 A (4) $ 1,003,840 Bonds, Series 2011A, 5.000%, 12/01/41 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 825 North Range Metropolitan District 2, Adams County, Colorado , Limited Tax General 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 870,037 Obligation Bonds, Refunding Special Revenue & Improvement Series 2017A, 5.750%, 12/01/47 4,310 Painted Prairie Public Improvement Authority, Aurora, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 4,689,064 Series 2019, 5.000%, 12/01/39 1,870 Park Creek Metropolitan District, Colorado, Senior Limited Property Tax Supported 12/25 at 100.00 A 2,108,799 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 12/01/45 500 Parker Automotive Metropolitan District (In the Town of Parker, Colorado), General 12/26 at 100.00 N/R 540,660 Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2016, 5.000%, 12/01/45 989 Reserve Metropolitan District 2, Mount Crested Butte, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,067,022 Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2016A, 5.000%, 12/01/45 525 Sierra Ridge Metropolitan District 2, Douglas County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 541,559 Bonds, Limited Tax Series 2016A, 5.500%, 12/01/46 55 Water Valley Metropolitan District 1, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding 12/26 at 100.00 N/R 60,409 Series 2016, 5.250%, 12/01/40 105 Water Valley Metropolitan District 2, Windsor, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, 12/26 at 100.00 N/R 115,585 Refunding Series 2016, 5.250%, 12/01/40 143,512 Total Colorado 145,438,651 Connecticut – 0.2% (0.2% of Total Investments) 5,000 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Trinity Health 6/26 at 100.00 AA– 5,875,800 Credit Group, Series 2016CT, 5.000%, 12/01/45 District of Columbia – 0.5% (0.4% of Total Investments) 10,935 Metropolitan Washington D.C. Airports Authority, Airport System Revenue Bonds, Refunding 10/27 at 100.00 Aa3 13,073,995 Series 2017, 5.000%, 10/01/47 (AMT) Florida – 7.5% (4.9% of Total Investments) 6,495 Alachua County Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Health Facilties Revenue Bonds, 12/29 at 100.00 A 7,428,137 Shands Teaching Hospital & Clinics, Inc. at the University of Florida Project, Series 2019A, 4.000%, 12/01/49 Bay County, Florida, Educational Facilities Revenue Refunding Bonds, Bay Haven Charter Academy, Inc. Project, Series 2013A: 1,005 5.000%, 9/01/43 9/23 at 100.00 BBB 1,056,054 865 5.000%, 9/01/45 9/23 at 100.00 BBB 907,930 625 Belmont Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 696,950 Series 2016A, 5.375%, 11/01/36 665 Bexley Community Development District, Pasco County, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 710,147 Bonds, Series 2016, 4.700%, 5/01/36 1,480 Brwoard County, Florida, Fuel System Revenue Bonds, Fort Lauderdale Fuel Facilities LLC 4/23 at 100.00 AA 1,566,299 Project, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 4/01/33 – AGM Insured (AMT) 4,390 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, The Gardens Apartments 7/25 at 100.00 CCC+ 3,854,903 Project, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/50 Creekside at Twin Creeks Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Area 1 Project, Series 2016A-1: 120 5.250%, 11/01/37 11/28 at 100.00 N/R 134,770 155 5.600%, 11/01/46 11/28 at 100.00 N/R 175,471 Downtown Doral Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Series 2015: 555 5.250%, 5/01/35 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 595,326 615 5.300%, 5/01/36 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 659,631 955 5.500%, 5/01/45 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,029,146 1,305 5.500%, 5/01/46 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,405,746 78 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Downtown Doral Charter Upper School Project, Series 2017C: $ 1,115 5.650%, 7/01/37, 144A 7/27 at 101.00 N/R $ 1,259,794 3,385 5.750%, 7/01/47, 144A 7/27 at 101.00 N/R 3,782,365 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Florida Charter Foundation Inc. Projects, Series 2016A: 1,420 4.750%, 7/15/36, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,523,660 1,465 5.000%, 7/15/46, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,573,586 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Pepin Academies Inc., Series 2016A: 1,000 5.000%, 7/01/36 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,038,650 6,785 5.125%, 7/01/46 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 6,978,440 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Renaissance Charter School Income Projects, Series 2015A: 900 6.000%, 6/15/35, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,010,979 560 6.125%, 6/15/46, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 623,297 120 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, 9/27 at 100.00 N/R 133,096 Renaissance Charter School, Inc. Projects, Series 2020C, 5.000%, 9/15/40, 144A Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, The Florida Charter Educational Foundation Inc. Projects, Series 2016A: 1,015 6.250%, 6/15/36, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,175,238 2,475 6.375%, 6/15/46, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 2,839,617 10,000 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Florida, Surface Transportation Facility 1/24 at 107.00 N/R 10,799,800 Revenue Bonds, Brightline Passenger Rail Project, Green Series 2019B, 7.375%, 1/01/49 (AMT), 144A Florida Development Finance Corporation, Florida, Surface Transportation Facility Revenue Bonds, Virgin Trains USA Passenger Rail Project , Series 2019A: 19,155 6.250%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/24), 144A 11/21 at 103.00 N/R 19,422,978 10,000 6.375%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/26), 144A 11/21 at 104.00 N/R 10,151,500 10,000 6.500%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/29), 144A 11/21 at 104.00 N/R 10,135,300 320 Grand Bay at Doral Community Development District, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Special 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 338,832 Assessment Bonds, South Parcel Assessment Area Project, Series 2016, 4.750%, 5/01/36 14,505 Greater Orlando Aviation Authority, Florida, Airport Facilities Revenue Bonds, Series 10/29 at 100.00 Aa3 16,377,305 2019A, 4.000%, 10/01/44 (AMT) 5,000 Greater Orlando Aviation Authority, Florida, Orlando Airport Facilities Revenue Bonds, 10/27 at 100.00 A1 5,962,450 Priority Subordinated Series 2017A, 5.000%, 10/01/47 (AMT) 14,375 Halifax Hospital Medical Center, Daytona Beach, Florida, Hospital Revenue Bonds, 6/26 at 100.00 A– 16,655,594 Refunding & Improvement Series 2016, 5.000%, 6/01/36 1,750 Hillsborough County Aviation Authority, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Tampa International 10/24 at 100.00 A+ 1,956,832 Airport, Subordinate Lien Series 2015B, 5.000%, 10/01/40 (AMT) 4,695 Hillsborough County Aviation Authority, Florida, Tampa International Airport Customer 10/24 at 100.00 A– 5,257,132 Facility Charge Revenue Bonds, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 10/01/44 2,490 Miami-Dade County, Florida, Special Obligation Bonds, Refunding Subordinate Series 10/22 at 100.00 A+ (4) 2,599,585 2012B, 5.000%, 10/01/37 (Pre-refunded 10/01/22) 7,045 Miami-Dade County, Florida, Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 10/22 at 100.00 AA– (4) 7,355,050 10/01/42 (Pre-refunded 10/01/22) 2,140 Northern Palm Beach County Improvement District, Florida, Water Control and Improvement 8/26 at 100.00 N/R 2,407,179 Bonds, Development Unit 53, Series 2015, 5.350%, 8/01/35 2,185 Orange County Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Orlando 4/22 at 100.00 A+ (4) 2,228,307 Health, Inc., Series 2012A, 5.000%, 10/01/42 (Pre-refunded 4/01/22) 2,335 Orlando, Florida, Capital Improvement Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2014B, 10/24 at 100.00 AA+ 2,609,526 5.000%, 10/01/46 13,080 Palm Beach County Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Baptist 8/29 at 100.00 AA– 14,835,467 Health Systems of South Florida Obligated Group, Series 2019, 4.000%, 8/15/49 79 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 85 Palm Beach County Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Sinai Residences 6/22 at 102.00 N/R $ 89,149 of Boca Raton Project, Series 2014A, 7.250%, 6/01/34 1,745 Palm Beach County, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Provident Group – PBAU Properties LLC – Palm 4/29 at 100.00 Ba1 1,990,329 Beach Atlantic University Housing Project, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 4/01/39, 144A 545 Reunion West Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Area 3 11/26 at 100.00 N/R 587,058 Project, Series 2016, 5.000%, 11/01/46 Six Mile Creek Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, Assessment Area 2, Series 2016: 145 4.750%, 11/01/28 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 154,526 265 5.375%, 11/01/36 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 291,670 365 South Village Community Development District, Clay County, Florida, Capital Improvement 5/26 at 100.00 A 385,681 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2016A1, 3.625%, 5/01/35 South Village Community Development District, Clay County, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2016A2: 100 4.350%, 5/01/26 No Opt. Call N/R 105,221 100 4.875%, 5/01/35 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 107,995 1,350 Sumter County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Central 1/24 at 100.00 A– 1,471,608 Florida Health Alliance Projects, Series 2014A, 5.125%, 7/01/34 3,300 Tampa, Florida, Health System Revenue Bonds, Baycare Health System, Series 2012A, 5/22 at 100.00 Aa2 3,379,332 5.000%, 11/15/33 85 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Convertible, 5/22 at 100.00 N/R 75,757 Capital Appreciation, Series 2012A-4, 0.000%, 5/01/40 (7) 110 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Hope Note, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1 Series 2007-3, 6.650%, 5/01/40 (5) 295 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Refunding 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 295,838 Series 2015-1, 0.000%, 5/01/40 (7) 180 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Refunding 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 140,020 Series 2015-2, 0.000%, 5/01/40 (7) 195 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Refunding 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 2 Series 2015-3, 6.610%, 5/01/40 (5) 300 Union Park Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 333,273 Series 2016A-1, 5.375%, 11/01/37 167,710 Total Florida 180,659,529 Georgia – 0.7% (0.5% of Total Investments) 2,725 Atlanta Development Authority, Georgia, Revenue Bonds, New Downtown Atlanta Stadium 7/25 at 100.00 A1 3,118,653 Project, Senior Lien Series 2015A-1, 5.250%, 7/01/40 1,545 Atlanta, Georgia, Water and Wastewater Revenue Bonds, Series 1999A, 5.500%, 11/01/22 – No Opt. Call Aa2 1,582,590 FGIC Insured 840 Macon-Bibb County Urban Development Authority, Georgia, Revenue Bonds, Academy for 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 957,474 Classical Education, Series 2017, 5.875%, 6/15/47, 144A 1,070 Main Street Natural Gas Inc., Georgia, Gas Supply Revenue Bonds, Series 2019A, 5/29 at 100.00 A3 1,275,108 5.000%, 5/15/43 3,000 Marietta Development Authority, Georgia, University Facilities Revenue Bonds, Life 11/27 at 100.00 Ba3 3,275,430 University, Inc. Project, Refunding Series 2017A, 5.000%, 11/01/47, 144A 2,750 Monroe County Development Authority, Georgia, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, Georgia 6/24 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,842,153 Power Company – Scherer Plant, First Series 1995, 2.250%, 7/01/25 4,010 Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia, Plant Vogtle Units 3 & 4 Project J Bonds, 7/25 at 100.00 A 4,525,004 Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/60 15,940 Total Georgia 17,576,412 80 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Guam – 0.0% (0.0% of Total Investments) $ 810 Guam Government Waterworks Authority, Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, Series 7/23 at 100.00 A– (4) $ 878,145 2013, 5.500%, 7/01/43 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) Hawaii – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 3,000 Hawaii Department of Budget and Finance, Special Purpose Revenue Bonds, Hawaii Pacific 7/23 at 100.00 AA– 3,231,480 Health Obligated Group, Series 2013A, 5.500%, 7/01/43 1,175 Hawaii Department of Budget and Finance, Special Purpose Revenue Bonds, Hawaii Pacific 7/23 at 100.00 BB 1,262,044 University, Series 2013A, 6.625%, 7/01/33 4,175 Total Hawaii 4,493,524 Idaho – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 1,175 Idaho Health Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Madison Memorial Hospital Project, 9/26 at 100.00 BB+ 1,331,874 Refunding Series 2016, 5.000%, 9/01/37 595 Idaho Water Resource Board, Water Resource Loan Program Revenue, Ground Water Rights 9/22 at 100.00 A3 616,932 Mitigation Series 2012A, 5.000%, 9/01/32 1,770 Total Idaho 1,948,806 Illinois – 28.3% (18.4% of Total Investments) 50,000 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, Dedicated Capital Improvement Tax Revenue Bonds, 4/27 at 100.00 A– 60,179,500 Series 2016, 6.000%, 4/01/46 1,000 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues 12/21 at 100.00 BB 1,003,510 Series 2011A, 5.500%, 12/01/39 8,500 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/22 at 100.00 BB 8,835,240 Refunding Series 2012B, 5.000%, 12/01/33 8,400 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/27 at 100.00 BB 10,827,348 Refunding Series 2017B, 7.000%, 12/01/42, 144A Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, Series 2016A: 1,800 7.000%, 12/01/26 12/25 at 100.00 BB 2,227,482 51,780 7.000%, 12/01/44 12/25 at 100.00 BB 62,000,854 6,210 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/27 at 100.00 BB 7,960,351 Series 2017A, 7.000%, 12/01/46, 144A 450 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Series 1999A, 0.000%, No Opt. Call Baa2 420,260 12/01/26 – NPFG Insured Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, Unlimited Tax General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Tax Revenues, Series 1998B-1: 1,715 0.000%, 12/01/26 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call Baa2 1,601,656 1,765 0.000%, 12/01/30 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call Baa2 1,476,881 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, Unlimited Tax General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Tax Revenues, Series 1999A: 2,585 0.000%, 12/01/27 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call Baa2 2,352,531 8,565 0.000%, 12/01/31 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call Baa2 6,956,579 2,430 Chicago Transit Authority, Illinois, Sales Tax Receipts Revenue Bonds, Second Lien 12/29 at 100.00 A+ 2,978,184 Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/45 4,300 Chicago Transit Authority, Illinois, Sales Tax Receipts Revenue Bonds, Series 2011, 12/21 at 100.00 AA (4) 4,317,673 5.250%, 12/01/40 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 15,000 Chicago Transit Authority, Illinois, Sales Tax Receipts Revenue Bonds, Series 2014, 12/24 at 100.00 AA 17,020,050 5.250%, 12/01/49 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, City Colleges, Series 1999: 25,755 0.010%, 1/01/29 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 22,571,167 8,765 0.000%, 1/01/34 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 6,636,595 17,310 0.000%, 1/01/37 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 11,840,732 670 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Neighborhoods Alive 21 Program, Series 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 752,477 2002B, 5.500%, 1/01/31 81 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) $ 2,695 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project & Refunding Series 2014A, 1/24 at 100.00 BBB+ $ 2,897,368 5.000%, 1/01/35 13,205 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project & Refunding Series 2017A, 1/27 at 100.00 BBB+ 16,038,001 6.000%, 1/01/38 2,000 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project and Refunding Series 2005D, 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,235,760 5.500%, 1/01/40 4,930 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project Series 2011A, 5.250%, 1/01/35 11/21 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,967,567 550 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project Series 2012A, 5.000%, 1/01/34 1/22 at 100.00 BBB+ 553,311 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2007E: 10,115 5.500%, 1/01/35 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 11,328,193 5,890 5.500%, 1/01/42 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 6,571,885 765 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2016C, 5.000%, 1/01/35 1/26 at 100.00 BBB+ 866,378 1,610 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Series 1999, 0.000%, 1/01/30 No Opt. Call AA 1,354,557 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2015A: 1,000 5.500%, 1/01/35 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,119,940 9,800 5.500%, 1/01/39 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 10,961,398 5,630 Chicago, Illinois, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Series 2011A, 5.250%, 1/01/38 1/22 at 100.00 N/R (4) 5,677,067 (Pre-refunded 1/01/22) 3,095 Cook County Forest Preserve District, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Personal 6/22 at 100.00 AA– 3,180,298 Property Replacement Tax Alternate Source, Series 2012C, 5.000%, 12/15/37 – AGM Insured 800 Illinois Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Intrinsic Charter Schools 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 900,144 Belmont School Project, Series 2015A, 5.500%, 12/01/30, 144A 2,675 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Columbia College Chicago, Series 2015A, 12/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,990,142 5.000%, 12/01/37 845 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Illinois Wesleyan University, Refunding 9/26 at 100.00 A– 989,013 Series 2016, 5.000%, 9/01/46 5,015 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Ingalls Health System, Series 2013, 5.000%, 5/22 at 100.00 A1 (4) 5,141,378 5/15/43 (Pre-refunded 5/15/22) 20,000 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Northwestern Memorial Healthcare, Series 1/28 at 100.00 AA+ 24,201,600 2017A, 5.000%, 7/15/42 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago, Series 2013A: 415 5.500%, 7/01/28 7/23 at 100.00 A– 439,680 905 6.000%, 7/01/43 7/23 at 100.00 A– 964,640 1,050 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Silver Cross Hospital and Medical Centers, 8/25 at 100.00 A3 1,200,644 Refunding Series 2015C, 5.000%, 8/15/44 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, University of Chicago, Refunding Series 2015A: 300 5.000%, 10/01/46 (UB) 10/25 at 100.00 AA+ 345,453 2,700 5.000%, 10/01/46 (Pre-refunded 10/01/25) (UB) (8) 10/25 at 100.00 N/R (4) 3,164,535 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, April Series 2014: 6,165 5.000%, 4/01/38 4/24 at 100.00 BBB 6,734,584 5,000 5.000%, 4/01/39 4/24 at 100.00 BBB 5,460,650 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, February Series 2014: 4,100 5.250%, 2/01/31 2/24 at 100.00 BBB 4,500,611 2,200 5.250%, 2/01/32 2/24 at 100.00 BBB 2,412,894 2,435 5.250%, 2/01/33 2/24 at 100.00 BBB 2,669,491 6,000 5.000%, 2/01/39 2/24 at 100.00 BBB 6,516,480 1,785 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, May Series 2020, 5.500%, 5/01/39 5/30 at 100.00 BBB 2,216,024 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2016: 3,100 5.000%, 11/01/35 11/26 at 100.00 BBB 3,601,022 3,000 5.000%, 11/01/37 11/26 at 100.00 BBB 3,470,790 2,400 5.000%, 11/01/40 11/26 at 100.00 BBB 2,761,728 82 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) $ 5,795 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2017C, 5.000%, 11/01/29 11/27 at 100.00 BBB $ 6,868,060 3,800 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2017D, 5.000%, 11/01/27 No Opt. Call BBB 4,558,632 5,000 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, October Series 2016, 5.000%, 2/01/27 No Opt. Call BBB 5,927,900 5,350 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding April Series 2019B, 5.125%, 9/01/26 No Opt. Call BBB 6,320,865 27,215 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2013, 5.500%, 7/01/38 7/23 at 100.00 BBB 29,272,726 7,250 Illinois Toll Highway Authority, Toll Highway Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2013A, 1/23 at 100.00 AA– 7,631,205 5.000%, 1/01/38 2,755 Illinois Toll Highway Authority, Toll Highway Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2015A, 7/25 at 100.00 AA– 3,150,590 5.000%, 1/01/40 560 Illinois Toll Highway Authority, Toll Highway Revenue Bonds, Tender Option Bond Trust 1/23 at 100.00 AA– 677,919 2015-XF0052, 17.687%, 1/01/38, 144A (IF) 2,500 Kane & DeKalb Counties Community Unit School District 301, Illinois, General Obligation No Opt. Call Aa2 2,466,825 Bonds, Series 2006, 0.000%, 12/01/23 – NPFG Insured 13,785 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project 6/22 at 100.00 BBB+ 14,186,143 Bonds, Refunding Series 2012A, 5.000%, 6/15/42 – NPFG Insured 2,500 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project 6/22 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,572,750 Bonds, Refunding Series 2012B, 5.000%, 6/15/52 5,400 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project 12/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 6,051,834 Bonds, Refunding Series 2015B, 5.000%, 6/15/52 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Refunding Series 2020A: 15,000 4.000%, 6/15/50 12/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 16,565,400 7,945 5.000%, 6/15/50 12/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 9,389,719 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Series 2015A: 23,110 0.000%, 12/15/52 No Opt. Call BBB+ 8,840,268 2,455 5.000%, 6/15/53 12/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,751,343 45,000 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, Revenue Bonds, McCormick Place No Opt. Call AA 25,076,250 Expansion Project, Capital Appreciation Refunding Series 2010B-1, 0.010%, 6/15/43 – AGM Insured Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, Revenue Bonds, McCormick Place Expansion Project, Refunding Series 1998A: 145 5.500%, 6/15/29 (Pre-refunded 6/15/25) – NPFG Insured (ETM) No Opt. Call Baa2 (4) 166,860 2,680 5.500%, 6/15/29 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 3,149,509 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, Revenue Bonds, McCormick Place Expansion Project, Series 2002A: 2,195 5.700%, 6/15/24 (Pre-refunded 6/15/22) 6/22 at 101.00 N/R (4) 2,290,285 7,305 5.700%, 6/15/24 6/22 at 101.00 BBB+ 7,622,110 8,400 0.000%, 12/15/30 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 6,952,680 7,940 0.000%, 6/15/33 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 6,091,806 450 0.010%, 12/15/34 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 330,134 12,500 0.000%, 6/15/35 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 9,027,375 10,620 0.000%, 12/15/35 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 7,556,342 11,505 0.000%, 12/15/36 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 7,920,962 65,000 0.000%, 12/15/38 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 41,845,700 38,040 0.000%, 6/15/40 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 23,185,760 3,720 0.000%, 6/15/41 – NPFG Insured No Opt. Call BBB+ 2,185,054 Quad Cities Regional Economic Development Authority, Illinois, Revenue Bonds, Augustana College, Series 2012: 480 5.000%, 10/01/25 10/22 at 100.00 Baa1 494,918 400 5.000%, 10/01/26 10/22 at 100.00 Baa1 411,928 11,690 Sales Tax Securitization Corporation, Illinois, Sales Tax Securitization Bonds, Series 1/28 at 100.00 AA– 13,991,176 2018A, 5.000%, 1/01/37 3,815 Southwestern Illinois Development Authority, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, US 8/22 at 100.00 BB– 3,906,827 Steel Corporation Project, Series 2012, 5.750%, 8/01/42 (AMT) 83 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) $ 1,580 University of Illinois, Health Services Facilities System Revenue Bonds, Series 2013, 10/23 at 100.00 A– $ 1,724,175 6.000%, 10/01/32 11,350 Will County Community High School District 210 Lincoln-Way, Illinois, General Obligation No Opt. Call A2 11,121,752 Bonds, Series 2006, 0.000%, 1/01/24 – AGM Insured 724,410 Total Illinois 682,676,078 Indiana – 3.1% (2.0% of Total Investments) Carmel Redevelopment Authority, Indiana, Lease Rent Revenue Bonds, Series 2005: 1,950 0.000%, 2/01/24 No Opt. Call AA 1,906,827 2,705 0.000%, 2/01/25 No Opt. Call AA 2,600,993 4,400 Crown Point Multi-School Building Corporation, Indiana, First Mortgage Bonds, Crown No Opt. Call AA+ 4,338,048 Point Community School Corporation, Series 2000, 0.000%, 1/15/24 – NPFG Insured 680 Indiana Finance Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Butler University 2/22 at 100.00 A– 686,977 Project, Refunding Series 2012B, 5.000%, 2/01/29 1,230 Indiana Finance Authority, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, United States Steel 8/22 at 100.00 BB– 1,259,606 Corporation Project, Series 2012, 5.750%, 8/01/42 (AMT) 1,815 Indiana Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Community Health Network Project, 5/23 at 100.00 A (4) 1,943,230 Series 2012A, 5.000%, 5/01/42 (Pre-refunded 5/01/23) 9,300 Indiana Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Major Hospital Project, Series 2014A, 10/23 at 100.00 N/R (4) 10,133,745 5.000%, 10/01/44 (Pre-refunded 10/01/23) Indiana Finance Authority, Provate Activity Bonds, Ohio River Bridges East End Crossing Project, Series 2013A: 5,380 5.000%, 7/01/44 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) (AMT) 7/23 at 100.00 BBB+ (4) 5,782,424 5,100 5.000%, 7/01/48 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) (AMT) 7/23 at 100.00 BBB+ (4) 5,481,480 5,370 5.250%, 1/01/51 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) (AMT) 7/23 at 100.00 BBB+ (4) 5,793,908 13,000 Indiana Finance Authority, Water Utility Revenue Bonds, Citizens Energy Group Project, 10/24 at 100.00 AA 14,500,330 First Lien Series 2014A, 5.000%, 10/01/44 5,100 Indianapolis Local Public Improvement Bond Bank, Indiana, Airport Authority Project 1/30 at 100.00 A1 6,254,436 Revenue Bonds, Series 2019I-1, 5.000%, 1/01/44 10,000 Indianapolis Local Public Improvement Bond Bank, Indiana, Series 1999E, 0.000%, 2/01/26 – No Opt. Call AA 9,631,400 AMBAC Insured 1,000 Merrillville, Indiana, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, Belvedere Housing Project, 4/24 at 102.00 N/R 1,036,530 Series 2016, 5.750%, 4/01/36 1,250 Shoals, Indiana, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, National Gypsum Company Project, 11/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,338,412 Series 2013, 7.250%, 11/01/43 (AMT) 830 Valparaiso, Indiana, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, Pratt Paper LLC Project, Series 1/24 at 100.00 N/R 928,894 2013, 7.000%, 1/01/44 (AMT) 69,110 Total Indiana 73,617,240 Iowa – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 1,255 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Iowa Fertilizer 12/23 at 100.00 BB– 1,352,639 Company Project, Series 2013, 5.250%, 12/01/25 1,710 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Iowa Fertilizer 12/22 at 103.00 BB– 1,828,144 Company Project, Series 2018A, 5.250%, 12/01/50 (Mandatory Put 12/01/33) 1,900 Iowa Higher Education Loan Authority, Private College Facility Revenue Bonds, Upper Iowa 9/23 at 100.00 N/R (4) 2,065,642 University Project, Series 2012, 5.000%, 9/01/43 (Pre-refunded 9/01/23) 4,865 Total Iowa 5,246,425 Kansas – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 2,000 Kansas Development Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Adventist Health 5/22 at 100.00 AA 2,050,940 System/Sunbelt Obligated Group, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 11/15/28 84 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Kansas (continued) $ 335 Overland Park Transportation Development District, Kansas, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Oak 11/21 at 100.00 BBB $ 335,114 Park Mall Project, Series 2010, 5.900%, 4/01/32 2,335 Total Kansas 2,386,054 Kentucky – 1.9% (1.3% of Total Investments) Christian County, Kentucky, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Jennie Stuart Medical Center, Series 2016: 5,000 5.375%, 2/01/36 2/26 at 100.00 BBB– 5,682,800 435 5.500%, 2/01/44 2/26 at 100.00 BBB– 493,025 Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority, Kentucky, Healthcare Facilities Revenue Bonds, Rosedale Green Project, Refunding Series 2015: 500 5.750%, 11/15/45 11/25 at 100.00 N/R 510,430 2,250 5.750%, 11/15/50 11/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,292,840 19,575 Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, CommonSpirit Health, 8/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 23,380,967 Series 2019A-2, 5.000%, 8/01/49 5,070 Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Next Generation Kentucky 7/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 5,657,968 Information Highway Project, Senior Series 2015A, 5.000%, 1/01/45 Kentucky Public Transportation Infrastructure Authority, Toll Revenue Bonds, Downtown Crossing Project, Convertible Capital Appreciation First Tier Series 2013C: 1,335 0.000%, 7/01/43 (7) 7/31 at 100.00 Baa2 1,635,642 2,295 0.000%, 7/01/46 (7) 7/31 at 100.00 Baa2 2,817,686 Kentucky Public Transportation Infrastructure Authority, Toll Revenue Bonds, Downtown Crossing Project, First Tier Series 2013A: 3,080 5.750%, 7/01/49 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) 7/23 at 100.00 Baa2 (4) 3,362,159 615 6.000%, 7/01/53 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) 7/23 at 100.00 Baa2 (4) 673,567 215 Warren County, Kentucky, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Bowling Green-Warren County Community 10/22 at 100.00 A+ 220,151 Hospital Corporation, Series 2012A, 4.000%, 10/01/29 40,370 Total Kentucky 46,727,235 Louisiana – 2.0% (1.3% of Total Investments) 5,000 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Ochsner Clinic Foundation 5/27 at 100.00 A 5,875,800 Project, Refunding Series 2017, 5.000%, 5/15/46 18,525 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Ochsner Clinic Foundation 5/30 at 100.00 A 21,090,527 Project, Series 2020A, 4.000%, 5/15/49 6,400 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Dock and Wharf Revenue Bonds, Impala Warehousing 7/23 at 100.00 N/R 6,773,440 (US) LLC Project, Series 2013, 6.500%, 7/01/36 (AMT), 144A Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System, Refunding Series 2015A: 10 5.000%, 7/01/39 (Pre-refunded 7/01/25) 7/25 at 100.00 N/R (4) 11,628 1,450 5.000%, 7/01/39 7/25 at 100.00 A 1,646,417 1,060 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Southwest Louisiana Charter 12/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,112,724 Academy Foundation Project, Series 2013A, 8.375%, 12/15/43 2,235 Louisiana Stadium and Exposition District, Revenue Refunding Bonds, Senior Lien Series 7/23 at 100.00 A2 2,395,451 2013A, 5.000%, 7/01/36 5,100 New Orleans Aviation Board, Louisiana, General Airport Revenue Bonds, North Terminal 1/25 at 100.00 A2 5,701,902 Project, Series 2015B, 5.000%, 1/01/45 (AMT) 2,560 New Orleans, Louisiana, Sewerage Service Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2014, 5.000%, 6/24 at 100.00 A (4) 2,861,261 6/01/44 (Pre-refunded 6/01/24) 42,340 Total Louisiana 47,469,150 Maine – 0.4% (0.2% of Total Investments) 4,965 Maine Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds, Eastern Maine 7/26 at 100.00 BBB 5,652,553 Medical Center Obligated Group Issue, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 7/01/46 85 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Maine (continued) $ 2,750 Maine Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds, MaineHealth 7/28 at 100.00 A+ $ 3,307,288 Issue, Series 2018A, 5.000%, 7/01/43 7,715 Total Maine 8,959,841 Maryland – 0.5% (0.3% of Total Investments) 2,000 Maryland Economic Development Corporation, Revenue Bonds, Chesapeake Bay Hyatt 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,200,000 Conference Center, Series 2006A, 2.500%, 12/01/31 (5) 7,145 Maryland Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Adventist 1/27 at 100.00 Baa3 8,456,822 Healthcare, Series 2016A, 5.500%, 1/01/46 2,000 Maryland Health and Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Peninsula 7/24 at 100.00 A (4) 2,245,320 Regional Medical Center Issue, Refunding Series 2015, 5.000%, 7/01/45 (Pre-refunded 7/01/24) 355 Prince George’s County Revenue Authority, Maryland, Special Obligation Bonds, 1/26 at 100.00 N/R 392,098 Suitland-Naylor Road Project, Series 2016, 5.000%, 7/01/46, 144A 11,500 Total Maryland 12,294,240 Massachusetts – 1.3% (0.8% of Total Investments) 475 Massachusetts Development Finance Agency, Revenue Bonds, Boston Medical Center Issue, 7/25 at 100.00 BBB 535,444 Green Bonds, Series 2015D, 5.000%, 7/01/44 1,525 Massachusetts Development Finance Agency, Revenue Bonds, Emerson College, Series 2015, 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,634,175 4.500%, 1/01/45 15,220 Massachusetts Educational Financing Authority, Education Loan Revenue Bonds, Issue J, 7/24 at 100.00 AA 15,503,548 Series 2016, 3.500%, 7/01/33 (AMT) 7,000 Massachusetts Port Authority, Revenue Bonds, Series 2021E, 5.000%, 7/01/46 (AMT) 7/31 at 100.00 Aa2 8,757,350 4,560 Massachusetts School Building Authority, Dedicated Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Senior 5/23 at 100.00 AAA 4,894,202 Series 2013A, 5.000%, 5/15/43 (Pre-refunded 5/15/23) 28,780 Total Massachusetts 31,324,719 Michigan – 1.6% (1.0% of Total Investments) Detroit Academy of Arts and Sciences, Michigan, Public School Academy Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2013: 795 6.000%, 10/01/33 10/23 at 100.00 N/R 812,347 1,250 6.000%, 10/01/43 10/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,267,925 15,000 Detroit City School District, Wayne County, Michigan, Unlimited Tax School Building and No Opt. Call Aa1 18,343,050 Site Improvement Bonds, Series 2001A, 6.000%, 5/01/29 – AGM Insured (UB) 1,930 Detroit Water and Sewerage Department, Michigan, Sewage Disposal System Revenue Bonds, 7/22 at 100.00 AA– (4) 1,995,388 Refunding Senior Lien Series 2012A, 5.250%, 7/01/39 (Pre-refunded 7/01/22) 5 Detroit, Michigan, Second Lien Sewerage Disposal System Revenue Bonds, Series 2005A, 11/21 at 100.00 A+ 5,017 4.500%, 7/01/35 – NPFG Insured 3,000 Detroit, Michigan, Senior Lien Sewerage Disposal System Revenue Bonds, Series 2001B, No Opt. Call A+ 3,617,820 5.500%, 7/01/29 – NPFG Insured 5 Detroit, Michigan, Sewer Disposal System Revenue Bonds, Second Lien, Series 2006B, 11/21 at 100.00 A+ 5,018 5.000%, 7/01/36 – FGIC Insured 2,000 Grand Traverse County Hospital Finance Authority, Michigan, Revenue Bonds, Munson 7/24 at 100.00 AA 2,217,660 Healthcare, Series 2014A, 5.000%, 7/01/47 1,000 Michigan Finance Authority, Local Government Loan Program Revenue Bonds, Detroit 7/24 at 100.00 A+ 1,111,630 Water & Sewerage Department Water Supply System Local Project, Series 2014D-6, 5.000%, 7/01/36 – NPFG Insured Michigan Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Trinity Health Credit Group, Refunding Series 2011MI: 20 5.000%, 12/01/39 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 12/21 at 100.00 N/R (4) 20,076 4,980 5.000%, 12/01/39 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 12/21 at 100.00 AA– (4) 4,999,472 1,350 Michigan Finance Authority, Tobacco Settlement Asset- Backed Bonds, 2006 Sold Tobacco 12/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,684,003 Receipts Senior Current Interest Series 2020A-2, 5.000%, 6/01/40 86 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Michigan (continued) $ 2,000 Wayne County Airport Authority, Michigan, Revenue Bonds, Detroit Metropolitan Wayne 12/22 at 100.00 A1 $ 2,100,700 County Airport, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 12/01/37 33,335 Total Michigan 38,180,106 Minnesota – 0.8% (0.5% of Total Investments) 700 City of Ham Lake, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, DaVinci Academy 7/24 at 102.00 N/R 748,860 Project, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 7/01/47 1,500 Forest Lake, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Lakes International Language 8/22 at 102.00 BB+ 1,564,320 Academy, Series 2014A, 5.750%, 8/01/44 795 Minneapolis, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Hiawatha Academies Project, 7/24 at 102.00 N/R 850,070 Series 2016A, 5.000%, 7/01/36 Saint Paul Housing & Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Hmong College Prep Academy Project, Series 2016A: 750 5.750%, 9/01/46 9/26 at 100.00 BB+ 852,180 4,000 6.000%, 9/01/51 9/26 at 100.00 BB+ 4,580,200 5,265 Saint Paul Housing and Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Health Care Facility Revenue 7/25 at 100.00 A 6,037,375 Bonds, HealthPartners Obligated Group, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/33 4,250 Saint Paul Port Authority, Minnesota, Lease Revenue Bonds, Regions Hospital Parking Ramp 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 4,254,293 Project, Series 2007-1, 5.000%, 8/01/36 17,260 Total Minnesota 18,887,298 Missouri – 3.5% (2.3% of Total Investments) 1,400 Bi-State Development Agency of the Missouri-Illinois Metropolitan District, Mass Transit 10/22 at 100.00 Aa2 (4) 1,461,614 Sales Tax Appropriation Bonds, Refunding Combined Lien Series 2013A, 5.000%, 10/01/44 (Pre-refunded 10/01/22) 1,025 Cape Girardeau County Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Health Facilities 3/23 at 103.00 BBB– 1,115,712 Revenue Bonds, Southeasthealth, Series 2016A, 6.000%, 3/01/33 Kansas City Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Airport Special Obligation Bonds, Kansas City International Airport Terminal Modernization Project, Series 2019B: 19,950 5.000%, 3/01/46 (AMT) 3/29 at 100.00 A2 23,810,524 13,000 5.000%, 3/01/54 (AMT) 3/29 at 100.00 A2 15,410,980 135 Kansas City Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Ward 4/26 at 100.00 N/R 139,689 Parkway Center Community Improvement District, Senior Refunding & Improvement Series 2016, 5.000%, 4/01/46, 144A 12,005 Kansas City Municipal Assistance Corporation, Missouri, Leasehold Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call AA– 10,703,418 Improvement Series 2004B-1, 0.000%, 4/15/29 – AMBAC Insured 650 Land Clearance for Redevelopment Authority of Kansas City, Missouri, Project Revenue 2/28 at 100.00 N/R 658,086 Bonds, Convention Center Hotel Project – TIF Financing, Series 2018B, 5.000%, 2/01/40, 144A 1,000 Liberty Public School District 53, Clay County, Missouri, Lease Participation 4/22 at 100.00 AA– 1,018,320 Certificates, School Boards Association, Series 2014, 5.000%, 4/01/31 Liberty, Missouri, Special Obligation Tax Increment and Special Districts Bonds, Liberty Commons Project, Series 2015A: 1,205 5.125%, 6/01/25, 144A No Opt. Call N/R 1,256,707 3,810 5.750%, 6/01/35, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 3,928,834 3,695 6.000%, 6/01/46, 144A 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 3,826,801 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Kansas City University of Medicine and Biosciences, Series 2013A: 1,590 5.000%, 6/01/30 6/23 at 100.00 A1 1,702,031 2,700 5.000%, 6/01/33 6/23 at 100.00 A1 2,889,594 665 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue 5/23 at 100.00 BBB 704,022 Bonds, Saint Louis College of Pharmacy, Series 2013, 5.250%, 5/01/33 505 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue 10/23 at 100.00 A+ 547,622 Bonds, University of Central Missouri, Series 2013C-2, 5.000%, 10/01/34 87 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Missouri (continued) Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, CoxHealth, Series 2013A: $ 50 5.000%, 11/15/44 11/23 at 100.00 A2 $ 54,128 6,930 5.000%, 11/15/48 11/23 at 100.00 A2 7,502,141 2,000 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, 11/24 at 100.00 A+ 2,247,120 Mercy Health, Series 2014F, 5.000%, 11/15/45 Saint Louis County Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Ranken-Jordan Project, Refunding & Improvement Series 2016: 1,275 5.000%, 11/15/41 11/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,382,852 1,105 5.000%, 11/15/46 11/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,192,770 430 Saint Louis County Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Revenue Bonds, Friendship 9/23 at 100.00 BB+ 458,182 Village of Sunset Hills, Series 2013A, 5.875%, 9/01/43 Saint Louis County Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Revenue Bonds, Saint Andrew’s Resources for Seniors, Series 2015A: 450 5.000%, 12/01/35 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 491,728 130 5.125%, 12/01/45 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 141,105 895 Stoddard County Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Health Facility Revenue 3/23 at 103.00 BBB– 972,400 Bonds, Southeasthealth, Series 2016B, 6.000%, 3/01/37 700 The Industrial Development Authority of the City of Saint Louis, Missouri, Development 11/26 at 100.00 N/R 706,727 Financing Revenue Bonds, Ballpark Village Development Project, Series 2017A, 4.750%, 11/15/47 77,300 Total Missouri 84,323,107 Nebraska – 0.5% (0.3% of Total Investments) 580 Douglas County Hospital Authority 2, Nebraska, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Nebraska 11/25 at 100.00 A 663,259 Methodist Health System, Refunding Series 2015, 5.000%, 11/01/45 Douglas County Hospital Authority 2, Nebraska, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Madonna Rehabilitation Hospital Project, Series 2014: 1,930 5.000%, 5/15/27 5/24 at 100.00 A– 2,121,495 3,000 5.000%, 5/15/36 5/24 at 100.00 A– 3,251,220 Douglas County Hospital Authority 3, Nebraska, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Nebraska Methodist Health System, Refunding Series 2015: 4,070 5.000%, 11/01/45 11/25 at 100.00 A 4,652,539 2,110 5.000%, 11/01/48 11/25 at 100.00 A 2,383,857 11,690 Total Nebraska 13,072,370 Nevada – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 4,000 Las Vegas Valley Water District, Nevada, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 12/24 at 100.00 Aa1 4,501,800 2015, 5.000%, 6/01/39 New Jersey – 5.9% (3.8% of Total Investments) 420 Gloucester County Pollution Control Financing Authority, New Jersey, Pollution Control No Opt. Call BBB– 446,725 Revenue Bonds, Logan Project, Refunding Series 2014A, 5.000%, 12/01/24 (AMT) 1,100 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, Private Activity Bonds, The Goethals Bridge 1/24 at 100.00 AA 1,206,590 Replacement Project, Series 2013, 5.125%, 7/01/42 – AGM Insured (AMT) 17,580 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, School Facilities Construction Bonds, 12/26 at 100.00 Baa1 21,372,885 Refunding Series 2016BBB, 5.500%, 6/15/31 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, School Facilities Construction Bonds, Series 2016AAA: 1,000 5.000%, 6/15/36 12/26 at 100.00 Baa1 1,173,940 10,000 5.000%, 6/15/41 12/26 at 100.00 Baa1 11,656,700 2,000 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, School Facilities Construction Bonds, Series 6/27 at 100.00 Baa1 2,370,900 2017DDD, 5.000%, 6/15/35 15,040 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, School Facilities Construction Bonds, Series 12/28 at 100.00 Baa1 17,931,139 2018EEE, 5.000%, 6/15/48 88 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New Jersey (continued) $ 1,120 New Jersey Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Seton Hall University, 7/23 at 100.00 BBB+ (4) $ 1,204,952 Series 2013D, 5.000%, 7/01/33 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) 600 New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority, New Jersey, Revenue Bonds, Saint 11/21 at 100.00 BBB– 601,782 Peters University Hospital, Refunding Series 2011, 6.000%, 7/01/26 405 New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, University 7/25 at 100.00 AA 459,999 Hospital Issue, Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/46 – AGM Insured 5,600 New Jersey State, General Obligation Bonds, Covid-19 Emergency Series 2020A, No Opt. Call A3 6,806,576 4.000%, 6/01/31 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Capital Appreciation Series 2010A: 3,130 0.000%, 12/15/28 No Opt. Call Baa1 2,761,849 3,000 0.000%, 12/15/31 No Opt. Call Baa1 2,419,740 12,715 0.000%, 12/15/33 No Opt. Call Baa1 9,673,953 610 0.000%, 12/15/34 No Opt. Call Baa1 449,259 2,480 0.000%, 12/15/40 No Opt. Call Baa1 1,483,214 10,000 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Refunding No Opt. Call AA 7,802,300 Series 2006C, 0.000%, 12/15/33 – AGM Insured 19,175 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series No Opt. Call Baa1 13,643,396 2008A, 0.000%, 12/15/35 15,000 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series No Opt. Call Baa1 9,292,350 2009A, 0.000%, 12/15/39 5,000 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 12/24 at 100.00 Baa1 5,678,000 2009C, 5.250%, 6/15/32 6,305 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 6/25 at 100.00 Baa1 7,110,716 2015AA, 5.000%, 6/15/45 2,880 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 6/31 at 100.00 Baa1 3,363,264 2021A, 4.000%, 6/15/35 1,595 Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation, New Jersey, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/28 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,855,495 Bonds, Series 2018A, 5.000%, 6/01/46 10,000 Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation, New Jersey, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/28 at 100.00 BB+ 11,511,300 Bonds, Series 2018B, 5.000%, 6/01/46 146,755 Total New Jersey 142,277,024 New Mexico – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) 4,185 New Mexico Hospital Equipment Loan Council, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Presbyterian 8/29 at 100.00 AA 5,185,884 Healthcare Services, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 8/01/44 4,180 Winrock Town Center Tax Increment Development District, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Gross 11/21 at 102.00 N/R 4,253,610 Receipts Tax Increment Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2015, 5.750%, 5/01/30, 144A 8,365 Total New Mexico 9,439,494 New York – 19.3% (12.6% of Total Investments) 1,755 Albany Industrial Development Agency, New York, Revenue Bonds, Brighter Choice Charter 12/21 at 100.00 BB+ 1,760,879 Schools, Series 2007A, 5.000%, 4/01/32 Brooklyn Arena Local Development Corporation, New York, Payment in Lieu of Taxes Revenue Bonds, Barclays Center Project, Series 2009: 3,400 0.000%, 7/15/44 No Opt. Call Ba1 1,792,378 12,020 0.000%, 7/15/46 No Opt. Call Ba1 5,844,965 450 Buffalo and Erie County Industrial Land Development Corporation, New York, Revenue 7/25 at 100.00 BBB 501,494 Bonds, Catholic Health System, Inc. Project, Series 2015, 5.250%, 7/01/35 200 Build New York City Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Metropolitan College 11/24 at 100.00 BB 216,884 of New York, Series 2014, 5.000%, 11/01/39 89 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New York (continued) Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, New School University, Series 2015A: $ 220 5.000%, 7/01/50 (Pre-refunded 7/01/25) 7/25 at 100.00 N/R (4) $ 255,471 2,950 5.000%, 7/01/50 7/25 at 100.00 A3 3,345,890 15,270 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, Vaughn College of 12/26 at 100.00 BB– 16,509,771 Aeronautics & Technology, Series 2016A, 5.500%, 12/01/46, 144A 27,715 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, State Personal Income Tax Revenue Bonds, 3/31 at 100.00 AA+ 32,690,674 General Purpose, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 3/15/38 81,270 Erie County Tobacco Asset Securitization Corporation, New York, Tobacco Settlement 11/21 at 16.71 N/R 12,470,069 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2005C, 0.010%, 6/01/50, 144A 3,000 Long Island Power Authority, New York, Electric System General Revenue Bonds, Series 9/24 at 100.00 A 3,352,410 2014A, 5.000%, 9/01/39 Long Island Power Authority, New York, Electric System Revenue Bonds, Series 2012A: 135 5.000%, 9/01/42 9/22 at 100.00 A 140,149 1,990 5.000%, 9/01/42 (Pre-refunded 9/01/22) 9/22 at 100.00 N/R (4) 2,070,018 3,875 5.000%, 9/01/42 (Pre-refunded 9/01/22) 9/22 at 100.00 N/R (4) 4,029,729 6,280 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Green 5/30 at 100.00 A3 7,562,564 Climate Bond Certified Series 2020C-1, 5.250%, 11/15/55 4,210 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Refunding 11/26 at 100.00 A3 4,902,124 Green Series 2016B, 5.000%, 11/15/34 1,000 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Refunding 11/25 at 100.00 A3 1,136,520 Series 2015F, 5.000%, 11/15/35 5,000 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Refunding 5/28 at 100.00 A3 5,961,250 Series 2017D, 5.000%, 11/15/32 2,500 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Series 5/23 at 100.00 A3 2,642,450 2013A, 5.000%, 11/15/38 6,095 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Series 11/23 at 100.00 A3 6,553,953 2013D, 5.000%, 11/15/38 4,400 New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority, New York, Water and Sewer System Second 6/30 at 100.00 AA+ 5,575,460 General Resolution Revenue Bonds, Fiscal 2020 Series FF, 5.000%, 6/15/41 New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority, New York, Water and Sewer System Second General Resolution Revenue Bonds, Fiscal 2020 Series GG-1: 11,000 4.000%, 6/15/50 6/30 at 100.00 AA+ 12,619,860 19,335 5.000%, 6/15/50 6/30 at 100.00 AA+ 24,129,307 19,305 New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority, New York, Water and Sewer System Second 12/29 at 100.00 AA+ 24,099,397 General Resolution Revenue Bonds, Fiscal 2020 Series BB-1, 5.000%, 6/15/49 5,000 New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority, New York, Water and Sewer System Second 12/30 at 100.00 AA+ 5,845,050 General Resolution Revenue Bonds, Fiscal 2021 Series BB-2, 4.000%, 6/15/42 24,000 New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority, New York, Water and Sewer System Second 12/31 at 100.00 AA+ 28,217,040 General Resolution Revenue Bonds, Fiscal 2022 Series BB-1, 4.000%, 6/15/45 5,000 New York City Transitional Finance Authority, New York, Building Aid Revenue Bonds, 7/28 at 100.00 AA 6,098,850 Fiscal 2019 Subseries S-1, 5.000%, 7/15/45 4,440 New York City Transitional Finance Authority, New York, Building Aid Revenue Bonds, 7/28 at 100.00 AA 5,489,838 Fiscal 2019 Subseries S-3A, 5.000%, 7/15/36 10,000 New York City Transitional Finance Authority, New York, Future Tax Secured Bonds, 5/23 at 100.00 AAA 10,687,800 Subordinate Fiscal 2013 Series I, 5.000%, 5/01/38 10,000 New York City, New York, Educational Construction Fund Revenue Bonds, Series 2021B, 4/31 at 100.00 AA– 12,500,300 5.000%, 4/01/46 10,000 New York City, New York, General Obligation Bonds, Fiscal 2021 Series F-1, 3/31 at 100.00 AA 12,635,900 5.000%, 3/01/43 63,090 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 3 World Trade 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 68,832,452 Center Project, Class 1 Series 2014, 5.000%, 11/15/44, 144A 90 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New York (continued) $ 5,200 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 3 World Trade 11/24 at 100.00 N/R $ 5,777,616 Center Project, Class 2 Series 2014, 5.150%, 11/15/34, 144A 5,000 New York State Thruway Authority, General Revenue Junior Indebtedness Obligations, 1/26 at 100.00 A2 5,733,800 Series 2016A, 5.000%, 1/01/51 3,450 New York State Urban Development Corporation, State Personal Income Tax Revenue Bonds, 3/30 at 100.00 AA+ 4,005,105 General Purpose, Series 2020E, 4.000%, 3/15/39 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facilities Bonds, LaGuardia Airport Terminal B Redevelopment Project, Series 2016A: 1,800 4.000%, 7/01/41 (AMT) 7/24 at 100.00 BBB 1,932,192 10,680 5.000%, 7/01/41 (AMT) 7/24 at 100.00 BBB 11,844,654 16,810 5.000%, 7/01/46 (AMT) 7/24 at 100.00 BBB 18,632,204 29,150 5.250%, 1/01/50 (AMT) 7/24 at 100.00 BBB 32,462,314 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, American Airlines, Inc. John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Refunding Series 2016: 2,565 5.000%, 8/01/26 (AMT) 11/21 at 100.00 B 2,570,104 16,200 5.000%, 8/01/31 (AMT) 11/21 at 100.00 B 16,231,590 4,530 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue 8/30 at 100.00 B 5,339,375 Bonds, American Airlines, Inc. John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Series 2020, 5.250%, 8/01/31 (AMT) 4,350 New York Transportation Development Corporation, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, Delta 1/28 at 100.00 Baa3 5,194,988 Air Lines, Inc. – LaGuardia Airport Terminals C&D Redevelopment Project, Series 2018, 5.000%, 1/01/31 (AMT) 2,100 New York Transportation Development Corporation, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, Delta 10/30 at 100.00 Baa3 2,605,533 Air Lines, Inc. – LaGuardia Airport Terminals C&D Redevelopment Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 10/01/35 (AMT) 10,000 Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Consolidated Revenue Bonds, Two Hundred 4/27 at 100.00 Aa3 12,083,300 Series 2017, 5.250%, 10/15/57 2,500 Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, New York, General Purpose Revenue Bonds, 5/25 at 100.00 AA– 2,840,200 Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 11/15/50 6,945 Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, New York, General Revenue Bonds, MTA Bridges & 11/30 at 100.00 AA– 8,744,102 Tunnels, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 11/15/49 486,185 Total New York 466,467,973 North Carolina – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 3,300 North Carolina Medical Care Commission, Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, WakeMed, 10/22 at 100.00 A+ 3,433,122 Refunding Series 2012A, 5.000%, 10/01/31 North Dakota – 2.2% (1.4% of Total Investments) Grand Forks, North Dakota, Health Care System Revenue Bonds, Altru Health System Obligated Group, Series 2012: 3,000 5.000%, 12/01/29 12/21 at 100.00 Baa2 3,011,610 1,875 5.000%, 12/01/32 12/21 at 100.00 Baa2 1,882,256 2,455 Grand Forks, North Dakota, Health Care System Revenue Bonds, Altru Health System 12/31 at 100.00 Baa2 2,773,389 Obligated Group, Series 2021, 4.000%, 12/01/46 39,670 Ward County Health Care, North Dakota, Revenue Bonds, Trinity Obligated Group, Series 6/28 at 100.00 BBB– 45,543,937 2017C, 5.000%, 6/01/53 47,000 Total North Dakota 53,211,192 Ohio – 2.6% (1.7% of Total Investments) 800 Allen County, Ohio, Hospital Facilities Revenue Bonds, Catholic Health Partners, 5/22 at 100.00 AA– (4) 819,232 Refunding and Improvement Series 2012A, 5.000%, 5/01/42 (Pre-refunded 5/01/22) 8,015 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 8,872,845 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020A-2 Class 1, 4.000%, 6/01/48 91 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Ohio (continued) $ 20,215 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 100.00 N/R $ 22,700,030 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020B-2 Class 2, 5.000%, 6/01/55 2,550 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 2,533,553 FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2009D, 3.375%, 8/01/29 (Mandatory Put 9/15/21) 1,000 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 1,250 FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2008C, 3.950%, 11/01/32 (5) 10 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Revenue Bonds, AK Steel Holding 2/22 at 100.00 CCC+ 10,099 Corporation, Refunding Series 2012A, 6.750%, 6/01/24 (AMT) 6,945 Ohio State, Hospital Revenue Bonds, University Hospitals Health System, Inc., Series 1/30 at 100.00 A 8,477,761 2020A, 5.000%, 1/15/50 2,000 Ohio State, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Ohio Turnpike and Infrastructure Commission 2/23 at 100.00 Aa3 2,123,140 Infrastructure Projects, Junior Lien, Current Interest Series 2013A-1, 5.250%, 2/15/33 330 Ohio Water Development Authority, Ohio, Environmental Improvement Bonds, United States 11/21 at 100.00 BB– 331,119 Steel Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2011, 6.600%, 5/01/29 3,000 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear No Opt. Call N/R 3,750 Generating Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2008C, 3.950%, 11/01/32 (5) 13,350 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 13,555,590 Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2009A, 4.375%, 6/01/33 (Mandatory Put 6/01/22) 2,500 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 2,538,500 Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2010B, 4.375%, 6/01/33 (Mandatory Put 6/01/22) 60,715 Total Ohio 61,966,869 Oklahoma – 2.6% (1.7% of Total Investments) Oklahoma Development Finance Authority, Health System Revenue Bonds, OU Medicine Project, Series 2018B: 3,515 5.250%, 8/15/43 8/28 at 100.00 Baa3 4,273,010 11,870 5.250%, 8/15/48 8/28 at 100.00 Baa3 14,383,829 10,570 5.500%, 8/15/52 8/28 at 100.00 Baa3 12,950,047 22,735 5.500%, 8/15/57 8/28 at 100.00 Baa3 27,773,303 2,055 Tulsa Airports Improvement Trust, Oklahoma, General Airport Revenue Bonds, Series 2013A, 6/23 at 100.00 AA (4) 2,215,084 5.375%, 6/01/33 (Pre-refunded 6/01/23) (AMT) 50,745 Total Oklahoma 61,595,273 Oregon – 0.1% (0.0% of Total Investments) 1,270 Forest Grove, Oregon, Campus Improvement Revenue Bonds, Pacific University Project, 5/22 at 100.00 BBB (4) 1,299,235 Refunding Series 2014A, 5.000%, 5/01/40 (Pre-refunded 5/01/22) Pennsylvania – 5.2% (3.4% of Total Investments) 380 Allegheny Country Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Environmental 8/22 at 100.00 BB– 389,147 Improvement Revenue Bonds, United States Steel Corporation Project, Series 2012, 5.750%, 8/01/42 (AMT) 1,355 Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Tax Revenue 5/27 at 100.00 Ba3 1,537,654 Bonds, City Center Refunding Project, Series 2017, 5.000%, 5/01/42, 144A 10,650 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 10,824,979 Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Project, Refunding Series 2006A, 4.375%, 1/01/35 (Mandatory Put 7/01/22) 32,785 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 40,981 Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2006B, 3.500%, 12/01/35 (5) 1,030 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue 4/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,064,011 Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Project, Series 2008B, 3.750%, 10/01/47 (Mandatory Put 4/01/21) 92 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Pennsylvania (continued) Berks County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Health System Revenue Bonds, Tower Health Project, Series 2017: $ 7,480 5.000%, 11/01/47 11/27 at 100.00 BB– $ 8,223,213 16,190 5.000%, 11/01/50 11/27 at 100.00 BB– 17,758,325 2,950 Commonwealth Financing Authority, Pennsylvania, State Appropriation Lease Bonds, Master 6/28 at 100.00 A1 3,565,193 Settlement, Series 2018, 5.000%, 6/01/35 Cumberland County Municipal Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Diakon Lutheran Social Ministries Project, Series 2015: 205 5.000%, 1/01/38 (Pre-refunded 1/01/25) 1/25 at 100.00 N/R (4) 233,630 1,875 5.000%, 1/01/38 1/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,050,800 6,335 Geisinger Authority, Montour County, Pennsylvania, Health System Revenue Bonds, 2/27 at 100.00 AA– 7,409,606 Geisinger Health System, Series 2017A-1, 5.000%, 2/15/45 22,875 Geisinger Authority, Montour County, Pennsylvania, Health System Revenue Bonds, 4/30 at 100.00 AA– 26,305,335 Geisinger Health System, Series 2020A, 4.000%, 4/01/39 3,435 Lancaster County Hospital Authority/PA, 5.000%, 11/01/46, (WI/DD, Settling 11/10/21) 11/29 at 100.00 A+ 4,184,380 Montgomery County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Health System Revenue Bonds, Albert Einstein Healthcare Network Issue, Series 2015A: 6,190 5.250%, 1/15/36 1/25 at 100.00 Ba1 6,972,292 3,535 5.250%, 1/15/45 1/25 at 100.00 Ba1 3,985,041 2,206 Northampton County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Recovery Revenue 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 551,431 Bonds, Northampton Generating Project, Senior Lien Series 2013A0 & AE2, 1.250%, 12/31/23 817 Northampton County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Recovery Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 204,424 Bonds, Northampton Generating Project, Senior Lien Taxable Series 2013B, 1.250%, 12/31/23 (cash 5.000%, PIK 5.000%) 4,135 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 4,362,342 National Gypsum Company, Refunding Series 2014, 5.500%, 11/01/44 (AMT) 11,750 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue 9/25 at 100.00 Caa1 8,991,687 Refunding Bonds, PPL Energy Supply, LLC Project, Series 2009A, 6.400%, 12/01/38 1,085 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Private Activity Revenue Bonds, 6/26 at 100.00 BBB 1,266,021 Pennsylvania Rapid Bridge Replacement Project, Series 2015, 5.000%, 12/31/38 (AMT) 5,140 Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Motor License Fund-Enhanced Turnpike Special Revenue 12/21 at 100.00 AA– (4) 5,160,097 Bonds, Subordinate Series 2011B, 5.000%, 12/01/34 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 5,660 Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Series 2015A-1, 6/25 at 100.00 A+ 6,401,630 5.000%, 12/01/45 3,170 Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Series 2016A-1, 12/25 at 100.00 A3 3,617,826 5.000%, 12/01/46 The Redevelopment Authority of the City of Scranton, Lackawanna county, Pennsylvania, Guaranteed Lease Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A: 220 5.000%, 11/15/21 No Opt. Call BB+ 220,097 1,255 5.000%, 11/15/28 5/24 at 100.00 BB+ 1,281,920 152,708 Total Pennsylvania 126,602,062 Puerto Rico – 5.4% (3.5% of Total Investments) 1,805 Cofina Class 2 Trust Tax-Exempt Class 2054, Puerto Rico. Unit Exchanged From Cusip No Opt. Call N/R 423,401 74529JAP0, 0.010%, 8/01/54 26,925 Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 7/30 at 100.00 N/R 31,452,977 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/47, 144A 250 Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series No Opt. Call N/R 300,240 2021A, 5.000%, 7/01/28, 144A Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2021B: 1,595 5.000%, 7/01/28, 144A No Opt. Call N/R 1,915,531 5,785 5.000%, 7/01/37, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 7,019,577 5,255 4.000%, 7/01/47, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 5,738,933 93 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Puerto Rico (continued) $ 215 Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation Authority, Highway Revenue Bonds, Series 2007N, No Opt. Call N/R $ 227,498 5.500%, 7/01/29 – AMBAC Insured Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Restructured 2018A-1: 15,985 0.010%, 7/01/46 7/28 at 41.38 N/R 5,210,950 24,954 0.000%, 7/01/51 7/28 at 30.01 N/R 5,908,359 62,339 5.000%, 7/01/58 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 70,532,838 493 Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Taxable 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 543,705 Restructured Cofina Project Series 2019A-2, 4.536%, 7/01/53 145,601 Total Puerto Rico 129,274,009 Rhode Island – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 21,570 Rhode Island Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 11/21 at 16.44 CCC– 3,602,621 Bonds, Series 2007A, 0.010%, 6/01/52 South Carolina – 2.6% (1.7% of Total Investments) Piedmont Municipal Power Agency, South Carolina, Electric Revenue Bonds, Series 2004A-2: 1,220 0.000%, 1/01/23 – FGIC Insured No Opt. Call A– 1,210,484 21,570 0.000%, 1/01/30 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call A– 18,503,177 5,560 0.000%, 1/01/31 – AGC Insured No Opt. Call AA 4,672,513 10,000 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Refunding & 6/25 at 100.00 A 11,372,500 Improvement Series 2015A, 5.000%, 12/01/50 7,110 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Refunding & 12/30 at 100.00 A 8,274,547 Improvement Series 2020A, 4.000%, 12/01/40 6,930 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Refunding 12/24 at 100.00 A 7,795,695 Series 2014C, 5.000%, 12/01/39 9,155 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Series 6/24 at 100.00 A 10,241,241 2014A, 5.500%, 12/01/54 61,545 Total South Carolina 62,070,157 South Dakota – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 4,455 South Dakota Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Sanford Health, 11/24 at 100.00 AA– 4,989,645 Series 2014B, 5.000%, 11/01/44 Tennessee – 1.1% (0.7% of Total Investments) 8,890 Chattanooga Health, Educational and Housing Facility Board, Tennessee, Revenue Bonds, 1/23 at 100.00 BBB+ (4) 9,396,108 Catholic Health Initiatives, Series 2013A, 5.250%, 1/01/45 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23) 4,000 Chattanooga Health, Educational and Housing Facility Board, Tennessee, Revenue Bonds, 8/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,476,080 CommonSpirit Health, Series 2019A-1, 4.000%, 8/01/44 1,665 Chattanooga Health, Educational and Housing Facility Board, Tennessee, Revenue Bonds, 8/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,000,248 CommonSpirit Health, Series 2019A-2, 5.000%, 8/01/44 2,395 Chattanooga-Hamilton County Hospital Authority, Tennessee, Hospital Revenue Bonds, 10/24 at 100.00 Baa2 2,648,080 Erlanger Health System, Refunding Series 2014A, 5.000%, 10/01/44 2,540 Metropolitan Government of Nashville-Davidson County Health and Educational Facilities 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,524,000 Board, Tennessee, Revenue Bonds, Knowledge Academy Charter School, Series 2017A, 0.000%, 6/15/37, 144A (5) 5,830 Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, Tennessee, Airport Revenue Bonds, Subordinate 7/30 at 100.00 A2 7,141,050 Series 2019A, 5.000%, 7/01/54 25,320 Total Tennessee 27,185,566 Texas – 14.7% (9.6% of Total Investments) Arlington Higher Education Finance Corporation, Texas, Education Revenue Bonds, Uplift Education, Series 2016A: 165 5.000%, 12/01/36 12/26 at 100.00 BBB– 190,227 130 5.000%, 12/01/46 12/26 at 100.00 BBB– 147,579 760 5.000%, 12/01/51 12/26 at 100.00 BBB– 861,285 94 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) $ 885 Aubrey, Denton County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Jackson Ridge Public 9/23 at 103.00 N/R $ 941,330 Improvement District Phase 1 Project, Series 2015, 7.250%, 9/01/45 750 Aubrey, Denton County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Jackson Ridge Public 9/23 at 103.00 N/R 796,508 Improvement District Phases 2-3 Major Improvements Project, Series 2015, 8.250%, 9/01/40 Board of Managers, Joint Guadalupe County-Seguin City Hospital, Texas, Hospital Mortgage Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2015: 3,135 5.250%, 12/01/35 12/25 at 100.00 BB 3,435,019 3,340 5.000%, 12/01/40 12/25 at 100.00 BB 3,575,203 1,005 Celina, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Sutton Fields II Public Improvement 3/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,052,416 District Neighborhood Improvement Area 1 Project, Series 2015, 7.250%, 9/01/45 1,775 Celina, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Sutton Fields II Public Improvement 3/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,856,011 District Neighborhood Improvement Areas 2-5 Major Improvement Project, Series 2015, 8.250%, 9/01/40 Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien, Series 2015A: 2,000 5.000%, 1/01/40 (Pre-refunded 7/01/25) 7/25 at 100.00 A– (4) 2,323,260 3,625 5.000%, 1/01/45 (Pre-refunded 7/01/25) 7/25 at 100.00 A– (4) 4,210,909 Club Municipal Management District 1, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Improvement Area 1 Project, Series 2016: 530 6.250%, 9/01/35 9/23 at 103.00 N/R 575,034 505 6.500%, 9/01/46 9/23 at 103.00 N/R 547,526 4,000 Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport, Texas, Joint Revenue Bonds, Improvement Series 11/22 at 100.00 A1 4,185,760 2013C, 5.000%, 11/01/38 (AMT) 1,000 Fort Bend County Industrial Development Corporation, Texas, Revenue Bonds, NRG Energy 11/22 at 100.00 Baa2 1,036,110 Inc. Project, Series 2012A. RMKT, 4.750%, 5/01/38 2,335 Grand Parkway Transportation Corporation, Texas, System Toll Revenue Bonds, Frst Tier 10/23 at 100.00 A+ 2,511,876 Series 2013A, 5.125%, 10/01/43 38,140 Grand Parkway Transportation Corporation, Texas, System Toll Revenue Bonds, Refunding 4/30 at 100.00 A+ 43,510,112 First Tier Series 2020C, 4.000%, 10/01/49 17,000 Grand Parkway Transportation Corporation, Texas, System Toll Revenue Bonds, Subordinate 10/23 at 100.00 AA (4) 18,605,140 Lien Series 2013B, 5.250%, 10/01/51 (Pre-refunded 10/01/23) 4,410 Grand Parkway Transportation Corporation, Texas, System Toll Revenue Bonds, Subordinate 4/28 at 100.00 AA+ 5,372,262 Lien Series 2018A. Tela Supported, 5.000%, 10/01/48 1,140 Grand Parkway Transportation Corporation, Texas, System Toll Revenue Bonds, Tender 10/23 at 100.00 AA (4) 1,548,941 Option Bond Trust 2015-XF0228, 18.108%, 11/01/44 (Pre-refunded 10/01/23), 144A (IF) (8) 10,000 Gulf Coast Industrial Development Authority, Texas, Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 B3 10,013,000 Citgo Petroleum Corporation Project, Series 1998, 8.000%, 4/01/28 (AMT) 3,480 Harris County Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Revenue Bonds, 6/25 at 100.00 AA 3,927,006 Houston Methodist Hospital System, Series 2015, 5.000%, 12/01/45 Harris County-Houston Sports Authority, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Capital Appreciation Refunding Senior Lien Series 2014A: 295 0.010%, 11/15/41 – AGM Insured 11/31 at 62.66 AA 136,676 590 0.010%, 11/15/42 – AGM Insured 11/31 at 59.73 AA 259,665 1,000 0.010%, 11/15/43 – AGM Insured 11/31 at 56.93 AA 418,370 2,000 0.010%, 11/15/44 – AGM Insured 11/31 at 54.25 AA 795,020 2,600 0.010%, 11/15/45 – AGM Insured 11/31 at 51.48 AA 977,366 4,180 0.010%, 11/15/53 – AGM Insured 11/31 at 33.96 AA 1,023,849 6,170 Harris County-Houston Sports Authority, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Junior Lien Series 2001H, 11/31 at 69.08 Baa2 3,062,973 0.000%, 11/15/37 – NPFG Insured 4,565 Harris County-Houston Sports Authority, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Third Lien Series 2004A-3, 11/24 at 52.47 Baa2 2,200,786 0.000%, 11/15/35 – NPFG Insured 40,500 Harris County-Houston Sports Authority, Texas, Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior 11/30 at 54.04 AA 16,787,655 Lien Series 2001A, 0.000%, 11/15/40 – NPFG Insured 95 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) $ 3,855 Houston, Texas, Airport System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Subordinate Lien Series Series 7/22 at 100.00 A (4) $ 3,975,893 2012A, 5.000%, 7/01/32 (Pre-refunded 7/01/22) (AMT) 2,000 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, United Airlines Inc. 7/25 at 100.00 B 2,195,720 Terminal Improvement Project, Refunding Series 2015B-1, 5.000%, 7/15/35 (AMT) 235 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, Inc. 7/24 at 100.00 Ba3 254,771 Terminal E Project, Refunding Series 2014, 5.000%, 7/01/29 (AMT) 2,845 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, Inc. No Opt. Call B– 3,306,459 Terminal E Project, Refunding Series 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/27 (AMT) 335 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, Inc. 7/29 at 100.00 B– 354,557 Terminal E Project, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 7/01/41 (AMT) 1,330 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, Inc. 7/29 at 100.00 B– 1,407,991 Terminal E Project, Series 2021B-1, 4.000%, 7/15/41 (AMT) 3,750 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, Inc. No Opt. Call B– 4,360,762 Terminal Improvements Project, Refunding Series 2020B-2, 5.000%, 7/15/27 (AMT) 5,000 Houston, Texas, Combined Utility System Revenue Bonds, Refunding First Lien Series 11/30 at 100.00 Aa2 5,939,650 2020C, 4.000%, 11/15/43 Houston, Texas, Hotel Occupancy Tax and Special Revenue Bonds, Convention and Entertainment Project, Series 2001B: 28,305 0.000%, 9/01/28 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call A 24,974,068 5,000 0.000%, 9/01/30 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call A 4,142,450 5,765 0.000%, 9/01/31 – AMBAC Insured No Opt. Call A 4,634,714 6,000 Houston, Texas, Water and Sewerage System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Junior Lien Series No Opt. Call AAA 7,576,920 2001B, 5.500%, 12/01/29 – NPFG Insured (ETM) 7,500 Houston, Texas, Water and Sewerage System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Junior Lien Series No Opt. Call AAA 10,948,950 2002A, 5.750%, 12/01/32 – AGM Insured (ETM) 720 Kerrville Health Facilities Development Corporation, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Sid Peterson 8/25 at 100.00 A 806,501 Memorial Hospital Project, Series 2015, 5.000%, 8/15/35 2,750 Lower Colorado River Authority, Texas, Transmission Contract Revenue Bonds, LCRA 5/25 at 100.00 A+ 3,130,380 Transmission Services Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2015, 5.000%, 5/15/40 2,505 Matagorda County Navigation District 1, Texas, Collateralized Revenue Refunding Bonds, No Opt. Call A 3,098,485 Houston Light and Power Company, Series 1997, 5.125%, 11/01/28 – AMBAC Insured (AMT) 8,630 Mission Economic Development Corporation, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Natgasoline Project, 11/21 at 105.00 BB– 9,075,567 Senior Lien Series 2018, 4.625%, 10/01/31 (AMT), 144A 15,329 Mission Economic Development Corporation, Texas, Water Supply Revenue Bonds, Enviro 1/26 at 102.00 N/R 393,446 Water Minerals Project, Green Bonds, Series 2015, 7.750%, 1/01/45 (AMT), 144A (5), (6) 150 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/26 at 100.00 N/R (4) 177,852 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Corpus Christi II, L.L.C.-Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi Project, Series, 5.000%, 4/01/48 (Pre-refunded 4/01/26) 565 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/26 at 100.00 N/R (4) 668,553 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Foundation – San Antonio 1, L.L.C. – Texas A&M University – San Antonio Project,, 5.000%, 4/01/48 (Pre-refunded 4/01/26) North Texas Tollway Authority, Special Projects System Revenue Bonds, Convertible Capital Appreciation Series 2011C: 6,330 0.000%, 9/01/43 (Pre-refunded 9/01/31) (7) 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 8,782,622 9,130 6.750%, 9/01/45 (Pre-refunded 9/01/31) 9/31 at 100.00 N/R (4) 13,705,317 North Texas Tollway Authority, System Revenue Bonds, Refunding First Tier Capital Appreciation Series 2008I: 2,555 6.200%, 1/01/42 (Pre-refunded 1/01/25) – AGC Insured 1/25 at 100.00 AA (4) 3,018,503 7,000 6.500%, 1/01/43 (Pre-refunded 1/01/25) 1/25 at 100.00 A+ (4) 8,321,110 10,000 North Texas Tollway Authority, System Revenue Bonds, Refunding First Tier, Series 2008D, No Opt. Call AA 9,167,400 0.000%, 1/01/28 – AGC Insured 96 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) North Texas Tollway Authority, System Revenue Bonds, Refunding First Tier, Series 2015B: $ 2,870 5.000%, 1/01/40 1/23 at 100.00 A+ $ 3,021,622 4,880 5.000%, 1/01/45 1/25 at 100.00 A+ 5,488,390 North Texas Tollway Authority, System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Second Tier, Series 2015A: 7,855 5.000%, 1/01/33 1/25 at 100.00 A 8,900,029 2,205 5.000%, 1/01/34 1/25 at 100.00 A 2,496,876 1,000 5.000%, 1/01/35 1/25 at 100.00 A 1,131,020 2,345 5.000%, 1/01/38 1/25 at 100.00 A 2,642,041 1,570 Reagan Hospital District of Reagan County, Texas, Limited Tax Revenue Bonds, Series 2/24 at 100.00 Ba1 1,671,045 2014A, 5.000%, 2/01/34 13,000 San Antonio, Texas, Electric and Gas Systems Revenue Bonds, Refunding Junior Lien Series 2/31 at 100.00 Aa2 16,272,490 2021A, 5.000%, 2/01/46 1,500 Texas Municipal Gas Acquisition and Supply Corporation I, Gas Supply Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call A2 1,735,260 Senior Lien Series 2008D, 6.250%, 12/15/26 2,000 Texas Private Activity Bond Surface Transportation Corporation, Senior Lien Revenue 9/23 at 100.00 Baa3 2,228,740 Bonds, NTE Mobility Partners Segments 3 LLC Segments 3A & 3B Facility, Series 2013, 7.000%, 12/31/38 (AMT) 5,355 Texas Transportation Commission, Central Texas Turnpike System Revenue Bonds, Refunding 8/22 at 100.00 A (4) 5,559,293 First Tier Series 2012A, 5.000%, 8/15/41 (Pre-refunded 8/15/22) 13,000 Texas Transportation Commission, Central Texas Turnpike System Revenue Bonds, Refunding 8/30 at 100.00 A 16,402,100 First Tier Series 2020A, 5.000%, 8/15/39 Texas Transportation Commission, Central Texas Turnpike System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Second Tier Series 2015C: 4,000 5.000%, 8/15/32 8/24 at 100.00 A– 4,474,920 1,875 5.000%, 8/15/37 8/24 at 100.00 A– 2,095,931 3,600 Texas Turnpike Authority, Central Texas Turnpike System Revenue Bonds, First Tier Series No Opt. Call A 3,481,128 2002A, 0.000%, 8/15/25 – AMBAC Insured 5,000 Texas Water Development Board, State Water Implementation Revenue Fund Bonds, Master 10/27 at 100.00 AAA 5,798,850 Trust Series 2017A, 4.000%, 10/15/37 1,200 Travis County Health Facilities Development Corporation, Texas, Hospital Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R (4) 1,211,220 Daughters of Charity National Health System, Series 1993B, 6.000%, 11/15/22 (ETM) 372,849 Total Texas 355,914,470 Utah – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 2,030 Box Elder County, Utah, Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, Promontory Point Res, LLC, 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,660,804 Senior Series 2017A, 8.000%, 12/01/39 (AMT), 144A (5) 3,000 Salt Lake City, Utah, Airport Revenue Bonds, International Airport Series 2018A, 5.000%, 7/28 at 100.00 A 3,571,680 7/01/48 (AMT) 5,030 Total Utah 5,232,484 Virginia – 0.6% (0.4% of Total Investments) 540 Embrey Mill Community Development Authority, Virginia, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 3/25 at 100.00 N/R 569,068 Series 2015, 5.600%, 3/01/45, 144A 1,800 Henrico County Economic Development Authority, Virginia, Revenue Bonds, Bon Secours 11/22 at 100.00 N/R (4) 1,886,022 Health System Obligated Group, Series 2013, 5.000%, 11/01/30 (Pre-refunded 11/01/22) 1,810 Virginia Small Business Financing Authority, Senior Lien Revenue Bonds, 95 Express Lanes 1/22 at 100.00 BBB 1,823,086 LLC Project, Series 2012, 5.000%, 1/01/40 (AMT) Virginia Small Business Financing Authority, Senior Lien Revenue Bonds, Elizabeth River Crossing, Opco LLC Project, Series 2012: 1,885 5.250%, 1/01/32 (AMT) 7/22 at 100.00 BBB 1,940,909 4,480 6.000%, 1/01/37 (AMT) 7/22 at 100.00 BBB 4,638,458 3,810 5.500%, 1/01/42 (AMT) 7/22 at 100.00 BBB 3,928,263 14,325 Total Virginia 14,785,806 97 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Washington – 1.4% (0.9% of Total Investments) $ 1,260 Central Puget Sound Regional Transit Authority, Washington, Sales Tax and Motor Vehicle 11/21 at 100.00 AAA $ 1,395,652 Excise Tax Bonds, Series 1999, 4.750%, 2/01/28 – FGIC Insured 6,000 Energy Northwest, Washington, Electric Revenue Bonds, Columbia Generating Station, 7/25 at 100.00 Aa2 6,894,240 Refunding Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/38 (UB) (8) 6,065 Washington Health Care Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Central Washington Health 7/25 at 100.00 A– 6,539,465 Services Association, Refunding Series 2015, 4.000%, 7/01/36 3,300 Washington Health Care Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Seattle Cancer Center 9/30 at 100.00 A+ 4,103,286 Alliance, Series 2020, 5.000%, 9/01/50 2,185 Washington Health Care Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Seattle Children’s Hospital, 10/22 at 100.00 Aa2 (4) 2,280,135 Series 2012A, 5.000%, 10/01/42 (Pre-refunded 10/01/22) 9,435 Washington State Convention Center Public Facilities District, Lodging Tax Revenue 7/31 at 100.00 Baa3 10,640,415 Bonds, Refunding Subordinate Series 2021B. Exchange Purchase, 4.000%, 7/01/43 1,410 Washington State, Motor Vehicle Fuel Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2003F, 0.000%, No Opt. Call Aaa 1,384,042 12/01/24 – NPFG Insured 29,655 Total Washington 33,237,235 West Virginia – 0.5% (0.3% of Total Investments) 5,160 West Virginia Hospital Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, West Virginia United 6/23 at 100.00 A (4) 5,584,978 Health System Obligated Group, Refunding & Improvement Series 2013A, 5.500%, 6/01/44 (Pre-refunded 6/01/23) 5,000 West Virginia Hospital Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, West Virginia University Health 6/27 at 100.00 A 5,881,300 System Obligated Group, Improvement Series 2017A, 5.000%, 6/01/47 10,160 Total West Virginia 11,466,278 Wisconsin – 1.4% (0.9% of Total Investments) 1,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Envision Science 5/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,055,570 Academy Project, Series 2016A, 5.125%, 5/01/36, 144A Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, North Carolina Charter Educational Foundation Project, Series 2016A: 5,375 5.000%, 6/15/36, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 5,585,592 4,430 5.000%, 6/15/46, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 4,543,497 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Conference Center and Hotel Revenue Bonds, Lombard Public Facilities Corporation, First Tier Series 2018A-1: 80 0.000%, 1/01/47, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 2,460 70 0.000%, 1/01/48, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 2,112 69 0.000%, 1/01/49, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 2,029 66 0.000%, 1/01/50, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,884 65 0.000%, 1/01/51, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,817 85 0.000%, 1/01/52, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 2,266 84 0.000%, 1/01/53, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 2,191 81 0.000%, 1/01/54, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 2,058 79 0.000%, 1/01/55, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,969 78 0.000%, 1/01/56, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,894 4,002 0.000%, 7/01/56, 144A (5) 3/28 at 100.00 N/R 3,022,634 86 0.000%, 1/01/57, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 2,038 84 0.000%, 1/01/58, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,938 81 0.000%, 1/01/59, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,851 80 0.000%, 1/01/60, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,754 79 0.000%, 1/01/61, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,680 76 0.000%, 1/01/62, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,591 75 0.000%, 1/01/63, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,522 73 0.000%, 1/01/64, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,461 72 0.000%, 1/01/65, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,390 78 0.000%, 1/01/66, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 1,427 935 0.000%, 1/01/67, 144A (5) No Opt. Call N/R 15,968 98 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Wisconsin (continued) $ 1,200 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, National Gypsum 8/26 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,220,196 Company Project, Refunding Series 2016, 4.000%, 8/01/35 (AMT) 1,000 Public Finance Authority, Wisconsin, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, Celanese Project, 5/26 at 100.00 BBB 1,109,820 Refunding Series 2016C, 4.300%, 11/01/30 (AMT) 1,250 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Marshfield Clinic, 2/22 at 100.00 A– 1,266,413 Series 2012B, 5.000%, 2/15/32 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Mercy Alliance, Inc., Series 2012: 2,105 5.000%, 6/01/32 6/22 at 100.00 A3 2,159,393 2,500 5.000%, 6/01/39 6/22 at 100.00 A3 2,561,475 1,120 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Dickson 10/22 at 102.00 N/R 1,158,214 Hollow Project. Series 2014, 5.250%, 10/01/39 4,000 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, 8/24 at 100.00 A+ 4,464,240 ProHealth Care, Inc. Obligated Group, Refunding Series 2015, 5.000%, 8/15/39 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Rogers Memorial Hospital, Inc., Series 2014A: 1,415 5.000%, 7/01/27 7/24 at 100.00 A 1,576,551 1,310 5.000%, 7/01/29 7/24 at 100.00 A 1,458,082 3,000 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Rogers 7/24 at 100.00 A 3,326,490 Memorial Hospital, Inc., Series 2014B, 5.000%, 7/01/44 36,183 Total Wisconsin 34,561,467 $ 3,687,759 Total Municipal Bonds (cost $3,246,202,558) 3,653,623,058 Shares Description (1) Value COMMON STOCKS – 2.3% (1.5% of Total Investments) Electric Utilities – 2.3% (1.5% of Total Investments) 1,189,215 Energy Harbor Corp (9), (10), (11) $ 56,933,668 Total Common Stocks (cost $33,900,553) 56,933,668 Shares Description (1) Value INVESTMENT COMPANIES – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 6,266 BlackRock MuniHoldings Fund Inc $ 102,073 26,880 BNY Mellon Strategic Municipals Inc 229,018 30,000 Invesco Municipal Opportunity Trust 405,900 43,020 Invesco Trust for Investment Grade Municipals 582,921 43,420 PIMCO Municipal Income Fund II 601,801 Total Investment Companies (cost $1,790,280) 1,921,713 99 Table of Contents NZF Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Amount (000) Description (1) Coupon Maturity Ratings (3) Value CORPORATE BONDS – 0.0% (0.0% of Total Investments) Consumer Discretionary – 0.0% (0.0% of Total Investments) $ 340 Lombard Starwood Westin Hotel Conference Center and Hotel Project Revenue 7.500% 12/31/23 N/R $ 339,544 Bonds (cash 7.500%, PIK 7.500%) $ 340 Total Corporate Bonds (cost $339,544) 339,544 Total Long-Term Investments (cost $3,282,232,935) 3,712,817,983 Floating Rate Obligations – (0.6)% (14,400,000) MuniFund Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs – (26.5)% (12) (640,046,873) Variable Rate Demand Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs – (29.9)% (13) (722,756,919) Other Assets Less Liabilities–3.3% 78,489,544 Net Assets Applicable to Common Shares–100% $ 2,414,103,735 (1) All percentages shown in the Portfolio of Investments are based on net assets applicable
to common shares unless otherwise noted. (2) Optional Call Provisions: Dates (month and year) and prices of the earliest optional call
or redemption. There may be other call provisions at varying prices at later dates. Certain mortgage-backed securities may be subject
to periodic principal paydowns. Optional Call Provisions are not covered by the report of independent registered public accounting firm. (3) The ratings disclosed are the lowest of Standard & Poor’s Group (“Standard
& Poor’s”), Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) or Fitch, Inc. (“Fitch”)
rating. Ratings below BBB by Standard & Poor’s, Baa by Moody’s or BBB by Fitch are considered to be below investment
grade. Holdings designated N/R are not rated by any of these national rating agencies. Ratings are not covered by the report of independent
registered public accounting firm. (4) Backed by an escrow or trust containing sufficient U.S. Government or U.S. Government agency
securities, which ensure the timely payment of principal and interest. (5) Defaulted security. A security whose issuer has failed to fully pay principal and/or interest
when due, or is under the protection of bankruptcy. (6) Investment valued at fair value using methods determined in good faith by, or at the discretion
of, the Board. For fair value measurement disclosure purposes, investment classified as Level 3. (7) Step-up coupon bond, a bond with a coupon that increases ("steps up"), usually
at regular intervals, while the bond is outstanding. The rate shown is the coupon as of the end of the reporting period. (8) Investment, or portion of investment, has been pledged to collateralize the net payment obligations
for investments in inverse floating rate transactions. (9) Common Stock received as part of the bankruptcy settlements during February 2020 for Beaver
County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project,
Series 2006B, 3.500%, 12/01/35, Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation
Project, Refunding Series 2008C, 3.950%, 11/01/32, Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy
Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2008C, 3.950%, 11/01/32. (10) For fair value measurement disclosure purposes, investment classified as Level 2. (11) Non-income producing; issuer has not declared an ex-dividend date within the past twelve
months. (12) MuniFund Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs as a percentage of Total Investments
is 17.2%. (13) Variable Rate Demand Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs as a percentage of
Total Investments is 19.5%. 144A Investment is exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended. These investments may only be resold in transactions which are normally those transactions with qualified institutional
buyers. AMT Alternative Minimum Tax. ETM Escrowed to maturity. IF Inverse floating rate security issued by a tender option bond (“TOB”)
trust, the interest rate on which varies inversely with the Securities Industry Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) short-term rate,
which resets weekly, or a similar short-term rate, and is reduced by the expenses related to the TOB trust. PIK Payment-in-kind (“PIK”) security. Depending on the terms of the
security, income may be received in the form of cash, securities, or a combination of both. The PIK rate shown, where applicable, represents
the annualized rate of the last PIK payment made by the issuer as of the end of the reporting period. UB Underlying bond of an inverse floating rate trust reflected as a financing
transaction. WI/DD Purchased on a when-issued or delayed delivery basis. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 100 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS – 150.5% (100.0% of Total Investments) MUNICIPAL BONDS – 146.8% (97.5% of Total Investments) Alabama – 2.1% (1.4% of Total Investments) $ 182 Adamsville Solid Waste Disposal Authority, Alabama, Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R $ 2 Big Sky Environmental LLC Project, Refunding Taxable Series 2017C, 1.000%, 9/01/37, 144A (4) 1,000 Adamsville Solid Waste Disposal Authority, Alabama, Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, 9/27 at 100.00 N/R 700,000 Big Sky Environmental LLC Project, Series 2017A, 6.750%, 9/01/37, 144A (4) 212 Adamsville Solid Waste Disposal Authority, Alabama, Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, 9/27 at 100.00 N/R 148,646 Big Sky Environmental LLC Project, Taxable Series 2017B, 6.750%, 9/01/37, 144A (4) 1,000 Alabama Industrial Development Authority, Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, Pine City 11/21 at 100.00 B1 1,001,260 Fiber Co. Project, Series 1993, 6.450%, 12/01/23 (AMT) 2,000 Alabama Private Colleges and University Facilities Authority, Limited Obligation Bonds, 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,176,920 University of Mobile Project, Series 2015A, 6.000%, 9/01/45, 144A 1,000 Hoover Industrial Development Board, Alabama, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call B3 1,261,290 United States Steel Corporation Project, Green Series 2020, 6.375%, 11/01/50 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 11/01/30) 10,765 Hoover Industrial Development Board, Alabama, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, 10/29 at 100.00 BB– 12,733,595 United States Steel Corporation Project, Series 2019, 5.750%, 10/01/49 (AMT) 5,000 Jefferson County, Alabama, Sewer Revenue Warrants, Capital Appreciation Subordinate Lien 10/23 at 105.00 BB 5,144,700 Series 2013F, 7.900%, 10/01/50 (5) 1,000 Jefferson County, Alabama, Sewer Revenue Warrants, Senior Lien Series 2013C, 6.500%, 10/23 at 105.00 BB+ 1,031,140 10/01/38 – AGM Insured (5) 2,000 Mobile County, Alabama, Limited Obligation Warrants, Gomesa Projects, Series 2020, 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,153,060 4.000%, 11/01/45, 144A Tuscaloosa County Industrial Development Authority, Alabama, Gulf Opportunity Zone Bonds, Hunt Refining Project, Refunding Series 2019A: 2,100 4.500%, 5/01/32, 144A 5/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,246,928 1,000 5.250%, 5/01/44, 144A 5/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,151,500 27,259 Total Alabama 29,749,041 Alaska – 0.1% (0.0% of Total Investments) 695 Northern Tobacco Securitization Corporation, Alaska, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/31 at 100.00 BBB+ 772,048 Bonds, Senior Series 2021A Class 1, 4.000%, 6/01/50 Arizona – 3.8% (2.5% of Total Investments) Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Arizona Christian University Project, Series 2019A: 400 5.500%, 10/01/40, 144A 10/26 at 103.00 N/R 428,740 800 5.625%, 10/01/49, 144A 10/26 at 103.00 N/R 852,752 10,000 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Heritage 7/28 at 103.00 N/R 10,003,100 Academy – Gateway and Laveen Projects, Series 2021B, 5.000%, 7/01/51, 144A 10,000 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Heritage 7/28 at 103.00 N/R 9,939,800 Academy – Gateway and Laveen Projects, Taxable Series 2021A, 5.000%, 7/01/51, 144A 1,000 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Heritage No Opt. Call N/R 1,000,080 Academy – Gateway and Laveen Projects, Taxable Series 2021C, 6.000%, 7/01/29, 144A 5,000 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Pinecrest 9/23 at 105.00 BB+ 5,574,700 Academy of Nevada ? Sloan Canyon Campus Project, Series 2020A-2, 6.150%, 9/15/53, 144A 1,000 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, Caurus 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,124,270 Academy Project, Series 2018A, 6.500%, 6/01/50, 144A 1,000 Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, 1/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,055,170 Gateway Academy Project, Series 2019A, 5.750%, 1/01/50, 144A 101 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Arizona (continued) $ 3,000 Phoenix Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Lease Revenue Bonds, Rowan University 6/22 at 100.00 A $ 3,286,530 Project, Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XF2337, 17.511%, 6/01/42, 144A (IF) 435 Phoenix Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, 7/24 at 101.00 N/R 435,022 Deer Valley Veterans Assisted Living Project, Series 2016A, 5.125%, 7/01/36 1,000 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Charter School Revenue Bonds, 5/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,081,950 Desert Heights Charter School, Series 2014, 7.250%, 5/01/44 3,000 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 7/26 at 103.00 N/R 3,246,630 Edkey Charter Schools Project, Refunding Series 2020, 5.000%, 7/01/49, 144A Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, Edkey Charter Schools Project, Series 2016: 245 5.250%, 7/01/36 7/26 at 100.00 BB– 266,621 400 5.375%, 7/01/46 7/26 at 100.00 BB– 431,868 475 5.500%, 7/01/51 7/26 at 100.00 BB– 511,570 1,000 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 7/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,124,290 Edkey Charter Schools Project, Series 2019, 5.875%, 7/01/51, 144A 2,000 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 2/24 at 100.00 N/R 2,228,180 San Tan Montessori School Project, Series 2014A, 9.000%, 2/01/44 350 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 369,537 Synergy Public Charter School Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 6/15/35, 144A 100 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 104,905 The Paideia Academies Project, 2019, 5.125%, 7/01/39 2,500 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Carden 1/22 at 100.00 B– 2,501,475 Traditional Schools Project, Series 2012, 7.500%, 1/01/42 315 Pinal County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Correctional Facilities Contract 11/21 at 100.00 BBB– 315,391 Revenue Bonds, Florence West Prison LLC, Series 2002A, 5.250%, 10/01/22 – ACA Insured 1,095 Quechan Indian Tribe of the Fort Yuma Reservation, Arizona, Tribal Economic Development 5/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,116,966 Bonds, Series 2012A, 9.750%, 5/01/25 2,500 Salt Verde Financial Corporation, Arizona, Senior Gas Revenue Bonds, Citigroup Energy No Opt. Call Ba3 3,566,075 Inc Prepay Contract Obligations, Series 2007, 5.500%, 12/01/37, 144A 2,000 Sierra Vista Industrial Development Authority, 5.375%, 10/01/56 10/29 at 103.00 N/R 1,632,080 915 Yuma County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Exempt Revenue Bonds, Far West 12/21 at 100.00 N/R 903,416 Water & Sewer Inc. Refunding, Series 2007A, 6.375%, 12/01/37 (AMT) 50,530 Total Arizona 53,101,118 Arkansas – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 4,000 Arkansas Development Finance Authority, Industrial Development Revenue Bonds, Big River 9/26 at 103.00 B 4,358,560 Steel Project, Series 2019, 4.500%, 9/01/49 (AMT), 144A California – 16.8% (11.2% of Total Investments) 18,875 Alameda Corridor Transportation Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Second 10/26 at 100.00 BBB+ 22,022,217 Subordinate Lien Series 2016B, 5.000%, 10/01/37 (UB) (6) 5,000 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 5,208,900 Creekwood, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 2/01/56, 144A 2,000 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, Ester 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,103,860 Apartments, Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 2/01/43, 144A 2,000 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 8/32 at 100.00 N/R 2,061,640 Exchange at Bayfront Apartments, Junior Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 8/01/51, 144A 1,000 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,046,000 Fountains at Emerald Park, Junior Lien Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 8/01/46, 144A 3,335 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, K 8/32 at 100.00 N/R 3,055,660 Street Flats, Series 2021A-1, 3.000%, 2/01/57, 144A 2,000 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, K 8/32 at 100.00 N/R 2,063,460 Street Flats, Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 8/01/50, 144A 102 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) $ 1,600 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, Summit 8/32 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,671,072 at Sausalito Apartments, Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 2/01/50, 144A 2,250 California Enterprise Development Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Norton 7/27 at 102.00 N/R 2,406,082 Science and Language Academy Project, Series 2020, 6.250%, 7/01/58, 144A 1,875 California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Refunding Revenue Bonds, Stanford 11/21 at 100.00 AA– (7) 1,889,550 Hospital and Clinics, Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XF2353, Formerly Tender Option Bond Trust 3267, 19.963%, 11/15/40 (Pre-refunded 11/15/21), 144A (IF) California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, Series 2017A: 5,165 5.000%, 8/15/42 (UB) (6) 8/27 at 100.00 BBB+ 6,104,617 22,115 5.000%, 8/15/47 (UB) (6) 8/27 at 100.00 BBB+ 26,002,817 12,500 California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Kaiser Permanente 11/27 at 100.00 AA– 14,330,125 System, Series 2017A-2, 4.000%, 11/01/44 (UB) (6) California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Stanford Hospitals and Clinics, Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XG0049: 1,000 18.284%, 8/15/51 (Pre-refunded 8/15/22), 144A (IF) 8/22 at 100.00 AA (7) 1,151,610 250 18.289%, 8/15/51 (Pre-refunded 8/15/22), 144A (IF) 8/22 at 100.00 AA (7) 287,913 1,020 California Municipal Finance Authority, Mobile Home Park Revenue Bonds, Caritas 8/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,083,434 Affordable Housing Inc Projects, Series 2014B, 5.875%, 8/15/49 500 California Municipal Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, California Baptist University, 11/26 at 100.00 N/R 579,245 Series 2016A, 5.000%, 11/01/36, 144A 7,430 California Municipal Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Eisenhower Medical Center, 7/27 at 100.00 Baa2 8,248,637 Refunding Series 2017B, 4.000%, 7/01/42 (UB) (6) 20,925 California Municipal Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Linxs APM Project, Senior Lien 6/28 at 100.00 A2 23,071,905 Series 2018A, 4.000%, 12/31/47 (AMT) (UB) (6) 2,000 California Municipal Finance Authority, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, No Opt. Call B+ 2,254,560 Inc. Los Angeles International Airport Project, Series 2019, 4.000%, 7/15/29 (AMT) 400 California Pollution Control Financing Authority, Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 32,000 Aemerge Redpak Services Southern California, LLC Project, Subordinate Series 2017, 8.000%, 12/01/27 (AMT), 144A (4) 1,000 California Public Finance Authority, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, California 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,056,190 Crosspoint Academy Project, Series 2020A, 5.125%, 7/01/55, 144A 1,000 California School Finance Authority, California, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Alta 6/28 at 102.00 N/R 1,091,110 Public Schools – Obligated Group, Series 2020A, 6.000%, 6/01/59, 144A 1,000 California School Finance Authority, California, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Girls 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 997,980 Athletic Leadership School Los Angeles Project, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 6/01/61, 144A 1,000 California School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Scholarship Prep 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,016,770 Public Schools ? Obligated Group, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 6/01/60, 144A California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma Linda University Medical Center, Series 2014A: 800 5.250%, 12/01/44 12/24 at 100.00 BB– 899,952 1,000 5.500%, 12/01/54 12/24 at 100.00 BB– 1,131,210 6,940 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma 6/26 at 100.00 BB– 7,941,442 Linda University Medical Center, Series 2016A, 5.250%, 12/01/56, 144A 500 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Lancer 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 563,695 Educational Student Housing Project, Refunding Series 2016A, 5.000%, 6/01/46, 144A 1,000 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, Special Tax Bonds, Community 9/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,031,360 Facilities District 2012-01, Fancher Creek, Series 2013A, 5.700%, 9/01/43 1,500 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, Statewide Community 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,500,015 Infrastructure Program Revenue Bonds, Series 2011A, 8.000%, 9/02/41 1,000 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, Statewide Community 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,116,910 Infrastructure Program Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 9/02/51 273 California Statewide Community Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Daughters of 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 239,316 Charity Health System, Series 2005A, 5.500%, 7/01/39 (4), (8) 103 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) $ 1,000 CMFA Special Finance Agency VII, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, Junior 8/31 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,036,760 Lien Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 8/01/47, 144A 2,000 CMFA Special Finance Agency VII, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, Senior 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,849,100 Lien Series 2021A-1, 3.000%, 8/01/56, 144A 1,000 CMFA Special Financing Agency VIII, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, Elan 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 924,540 Huntington Beach, Senior Lien Series 2021A-1, 3.000%, 8/01/56, 144A 1,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,037,300 Acadia on Santa Rosa Creek, Mezzanine Lien Series 2021B, 4.000%, 10/01/46, 144A 2,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,108,840 Acadia on Santa Rosa Creek, Senior Lien Series 2021A, 4.000%, 10/01/56, 144A 1,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 2/32 at 100.00 N/R 1,042,290 Dublin Mezzanine Lien Series 2021B, 4.000%, 2/01/57, 144A 2,500 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 2/32 at 100.00 N/R 2,300,250 Dublin Social Senior Lien Series 2021A-2, 3.000%, 2/01/57, 144A 5,800 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 5,350,732 Jefferson-Anaheim Series 2021A-2, 3.125%, 8/01/56, 144A 6,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 6,194,040 Link-Glendale, Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 7/01/56, 144A 1,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, Moda 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,000,810 at Monrovia Station, Social Series 2021A-1, 3.400%, 10/01/46, 144A 2,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 3/32 at 100.00 N/R 2,075,420 Orange City Portfolio, Mezzanine Lien Series 2021B, 4.000%, 3/01/57, 144A 500 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 12/31 at 100.00 N/R 517,195 Pasadena Portfolio Social Bond, Mezzanine Senior Series 2021B, 4.000%, 12/01/56, 144A 2,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 12/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,860,060 Pasadena Portfolio Social Bond, Series 2021A-2, 3.000%, 12/01/56 7,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 7,243,880 Union South Bay, Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 7/01/56, 144A 3,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,756,040 Waterscape Apartments, Senior Lien Series 2021A, 3.000%, 9/01/56, 144A 1,775 Daly City Housing Development Finance Agency, California, Mobile Home Park Revenue 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,777,645 Bonds, Franciscan Mobile Home Park Project, Refunding Third Tier Series 2007C, 6.500%, 12/15/47 2,000 Daly City Housing Development Finance Agency, California, Mobile Home Park Revenue 11/21 at 100.00 A+ 2,001,800 Bonds, Franciscan Mobile Home Park, Refunding Series 2007A, 5.000%, 12/15/37 5,000 Foothill/Eastern Transportation Corridor Agency, California, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, 1/31 at 100.00 A– 5,690,650 Refunding Senior Lien Series 2021A, 4.000%, 1/15/46 (UB) Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Enhanced Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2015A: 900 5.000%, 6/01/40 (Pre-refunded 6/01/25) (UB) 6/25 at 100.00 AA– (7) 1,047,195 1,100 5.000%, 6/01/40 (Pre-refunded 6/01/25) (UB) 6/25 at 100.00 N/R (7) 1,275,637 2,000 5.000%, 6/01/45 (Pre-refunded 6/01/25) (UB) (6) 6/25 at 100.00 Aa3 (7) 2,327,100 3,500 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement 6/22 at 100.00 B– 3,585,785 Asset-Backed Bonds, Senior Convertible Series 2007A-2, 5.300%, 6/01/37 5,960 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 6,103,100 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2018A-1, 5.000%, 6/01/47 5,000 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 5,120,050 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2018A-2, 5.000%, 6/01/47 860 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement 6/25 at 100.00 Aa3 1,422,320 Asset-Backed Bonds, Tender Option Bond Trust 2015-XF1038, 17.578%, 6/01/45, 144A (IF) Hercules Redevelopment Agency, California, Tax Allocation Bonds, Merged Project Area, Series 2005: 820 5.000%, 8/01/25 – AMBAC Insured 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 822,468 1,000 5.000%, 8/01/35 – AMBAC Insured 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,001,600 104 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) $ 390 Lee Lake Public Financing Authority, California, Junior Lien Revenue Bonds, Series 9/23 at 100.00 N/R $ 415,561 2013B, 5.250%, 9/01/32 850 Los Angeles County, California, Community Development Commission Headquarters Office 9/21 at 100.00 Aa3 858,032 Building, Lease Revenue Bonds, Community Development Properties Los Angeles County Inc., Tender Option Bond Trust, 18.809%, 9/01/42, 144A (IF) 1,000 Lynwood Redevelopment Agency, California, Tax Allocation Revenue Bonds, Project Area A, 11/21 at 100.00 A 1,004,270 Subordinate Lien Series 2011A, 7.000%, 9/01/31 650 Ontario, California, Special Tax Bonds, Community Facilities District 53 Tevelde 9/28 at 103.00 N/R 734,974 Facilities, Series 2021, 4.000%, 9/01/42 Sacramento City Financing Authority California, Lease Revenue Bonds, Master Lease Program Facilities Projects, Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XG0100: 750 19.547%, 12/01/30 – AMBAC Insured, 144A (IF) No Opt. Call AA– 1,602,067 2,015 19.300%, 12/01/33 – AMBAC Insured, 144A (IF) No Opt. Call AA– 5,049,429 San Buenaventura, California, Revenue Bonds, Community Memorial Health System, Series 2011: 960 8.000%, 12/01/26 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 12/21 at 100.00 BB (7) 965,952 1,000 8.000%, 12/01/31 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) 12/21 at 100.00 BB (7) 1,006,200 4,095 San Francisco City and County Redevelopment Agency Successor Agency, California, Tax 11/21 at 62.76 N/R 2,564,985 Allocation Bonds, Mission Bay South Redevelopment Project, Subordinate Series 2016D, 0.000%, 8/01/31, 144A 1,500 San Francisco City and County, California, Special Tax Bonds, Community Facilities 9/27 at 103.00 N/R 1,670,550 District 2016-1 Treasure Island Improvement Area 1, Series 2021, 4.000%, 9/01/51 960 Santa Margarita Water District, California, Special Tax Bonds, Community Facilities 9/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,025,741 District 2013-1 Village of Sendero, Series 2013, 5.625%, 9/01/43 1,065 Temecula Public Financing Authority, California, Special Tax Bonds, Community Facilities 9/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,179,243 District 16-01, Series 2017, 6.250%, 9/01/47, 144A 1,500 Three Rivers Levee Improvement Authority, California, Special Tax Revenue Bonds, 9/28 at 103.00 N/R 1,681,260 Community Facilities District 2006-1, Refunding Series 2021A, 4.000%, 9/01/51 1,250 University of California, General Revenue Bonds, Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XL0001, 5/23 at 100.00 AA 1,600,175 18.020%, 5/15/39, 144A (IF) 215,953 Total California 236,092,300 Colorado – 9.7% (6.5% of Total Investments) 500 Alpine Mountain Ranch Metropolitan District, Routt County, Colorado, Special Assessment 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 485,665 Revenue Bonds, Special Improvement District 2, Series 2021, 4.000%, 12/01/40 1,000 Antelope Heights Metropolitan District, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 971,270 Junior Lien Series Series 2021B, 5.500%, 12/15/37 1,089 Aspen Street Metropolitan District, Broomfield County and City, Colorado, Limited Tax 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,116,944 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2021A-3, 5.125%, 12/01/50 500 Aviation Station North Metropolitan District 2, Denver County, Colorado, Limited Tax 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 518,765 General Obligation Bonds, Subordinate Series 2019B, 7.750%, 12/15/48 1,500 Belford North Metropolitan District, Douglas County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,627,725 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.500%, 12/01/50 1,000 Bennett Ranch Metropolitan District 1, Adams County, Colorado, General Obligation 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,072,960 Limited Tax Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2021A, 5.000%, 12/01/51 2,000 Bradley Heights Metropolitan District 2, Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado, 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,947,020 General Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2021A-3, 4.750%, 12/01/51 1,835 Broadway Station Metropolitan District 3, Denver City and County, Colorado, General 6/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,980,240 Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/39 740 Broomfield Village Metropolitan District 2, In the City and County of Broomfield, Colorado, 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 786,450 General Obligation Limited Tax and Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A-2, 5.000%, 12/01/49, 144A 3,000 Canyons Metropolitan District 5, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 2,254,440 Obligation and Special Revenue Bonds, Junior Subordinate Series 2016, 7.000%, 12/15/57 500 Cherry Creek Corporate Center Metropolitan District, Arapahoe County, Colorado, Revenue 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 511,565 Bonds, Refunding Subordinate Lien Series 2016B, 8.000%, 6/15/37 105 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 1,000 Cielo Metropolitan District, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation 6/26 at 103.00 N/R $ 1,037,310 Bonds, Series 2021(3), 5.250%, 12/01/50 600 Clear Creek Transit Metropolitan District 2, Adams County, Colorado, Revenue Supported 12/26 at 103.00 N/R 650,454 Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 12/01/41 615 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 BB+ 617,017 Community Leadership Academy Project, Series 2008, 6.250%, 7/01/28 2,100 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, 10/22 at 100.00 N/R 2,152,626 Mountain Phoenix Community School, Series 2012, 7.000%, 10/01/42 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, New Summit Charter Academy Project, Series 2021A: 100 4.000%, 7/01/41, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 106,601 100 4.000%, 7/01/51, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 105,071 560 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, 7/24 at 100.00 BB 594,518 Skyview Academy Project, Series 2014, 5.375%, 7/01/44, 144A 720 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Global Village 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 769,255 Academy – Northglenn Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 12/01/55, 144A 2,500 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, American Baptist Homes of 2/24 at 100.00 N/R 2,643,625 the Midwest Obligated Group, Series 2013, 8.000%, 8/01/43 1,000 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, American Baptist Homes 2/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,019,340 Project, Series 2016, 6.125%, 2/01/46, 144A 1,285 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Craig Hospital Project, 12/22 at 100.00 A+ 1,335,166 Series 2012, 5.000%, 12/01/32 (UB) (6) 3,144 Colorado International Center Metropolitan District 8, Adams County, Colorado, Limited 9/25 at 103.00 N/R 3,325,189 Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2020, 6.500%, 12/01/50 2,000 Compark Business Campus Metropolitan District, Douglas County, Colorado, General 12/22 at 100.00 N/R (7) 2,135,800 Obligation Bonds, Series 2012A, 6.750%, 12/01/39 (Pre-refunded 12/01/22) 500 Conestoga Metropolitan District 2, Ault, Weld County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 514,055 Obligation Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2021A-3, 5.250%, 12/01/51 500 Copperleaf Metropolitan District 3, Arapahoe County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 485,565 Obligation Bonds, Subordinate Series 2021B, 5.500%, 12/15/36 1,000 Crowfoot Valley Ranch Metropolitan District No. 2, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,078,050 Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2018A, 5.625%, 12/01/38 1,000 Dacono Urban Renewal Authority, Weld County, Colorado, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,061,380 Series 2020, 6.250%, 12/01/39 10,000 Denver City and County, Colorado, Airport System Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Lien Series 12/28 at 100.00 A+ 11,148,000 2018A, 4.000%, 12/01/48 (AMT) (UB) (6) 3,000 Denver City and County, Colorado, Special Facilities Airport Revenue Bonds, United 10/23 at 100.00 B 3,167,220 Airlines, Inc. Project, Refunding Series 2017, 5.000%, 10/01/32 (AMT) 495 Dinosaur Ridge Metropolitan District, Golden, Jefferson County, Colorado, Special 6/24 at 103.00 N/R 526,749 Revenue Refunding and Improvement Bonds, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 6/01/49 1,030 E-86 Metropolitan District, Elizabeth, Elbert County, Colorado, General Obligation 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,049,972 Limited Tax Cash Flow Bonds, Series 2021A-3, 5.125%, 12/01/51 1,000 Elbert and Highway 86 Commercial Metropolitan District, Elbert County, Colorado, Special 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,072,590 Revenue and Tax Supported Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Senior Series 2021A, 5.000%, 12/01/51, 144A 1,000 Erie Urban Renewal Authority, Colorado, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 992,630 4.000%, 12/01/38 Foothills Metropolitan District, Fort Collins, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2014: 1,000 5.750%, 12/01/30 12/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,048,430 2,080 6.000%, 12/01/38 12/24 at 100.00 N/R 2,139,197 500 Fourth Street Crossing Business Improvement District, Silverthorne, Summit County, 6/24 at 103.00 N/R 535,825 Colorado, Special Revenue and Tax Supported Bonds, Senior Series 2019A, 5.375%, 12/01/49, 144A 106 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 3,000 Future Legends Sports Park Metropolitan District 2, Colorado, Limited Tax General 6/25 at 103.00 N/R $ 2,974,200 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.500%, 6/01/50, 144A 1,000 Great Western Metropolitan District 5, Colorado, General Obligation Limited Tax Revenue 12/25 at 102.00 N/R 1,078,390 Bonds, Refunding Series 2020, 4.750%, 12/01/50 2,000 Heritage Todd Creek Metropolitan District, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds Limited 12/24 at 100.00 N/R 2,135,100 Tax, Refunding & Improvement Series 2015, 6.125%, 12/01/44 305 Iliff Commons Metropolitan District 2, Aurora, Arapahoe County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 313,214 Bonds, Subordinated Limited Tax Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2016B, 8.000%, 12/15/46 810 Jefferson Center Metropolitan District 1, Arvada, Jefferson County, Colorado, Special 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 861,605 Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Series 2020B, 5.750%, 12/15/50 Johnstown Plaza Metropolitan District, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A: 675 5.250%, 12/01/36 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 696,229 1,265 5.375%, 12/01/46 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 1,304,658 1,000 Johnstown Village Metropolitan District 2, Weld County, own of Johnstown, Colorado, 9/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,077,110 General Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/50 1,700 Jones District Community Authority Board, Centennial, Colorado, Special Revenue 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,500,471 Convertible Capital Appreciation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.750%, 12/01/50 1,000 Kinston Metropolitan District 5, Loveland, Larimer County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,083,300 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.125%, 12/01/50 2,685 Kit Carson County Health Service District, Colorado, Health Care Facility Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 2,685,832 Series 2007, 6.750%, 1/01/34 500 Lanterns Metropolitan District 1, Castle Rock, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 535,005 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 500 Lanterns Metropolitan District 2, Castle Rock, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 483,590 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2021A-3, 4.500%, 12/01/50 500 Larkridge Metropolitan District No. 2, In the City of Thornton, Adams County, Colorado, 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 532,185 General Obligation, Limited Tax Convertible to Unlimited Tax, Improvement Bonds, Refunding Series 2019, 5.250%, 12/01/48 500 Leyden Rock Metropolitan District No. 10, In the City of Arvada, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 516,930 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding and Improvement Series 20016A, 5.000%, 12/01/45 500 Leyden Rock Metropolitan District No. 10, In the City of Arvada, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 519,180 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding and Improvement Series 20016B, 7.250%, 12/15/45 Mayberry Community Authority, Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A: 500 5.000%, 12/01/41 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 523,405 500 5.000%, 4/15/51 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 516,210 1,000 Meadowbrook Heights Metropolitan District, Jefferson County, Colorado, General 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 989,070 Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2021A(3), 4.875%, 12/01/51 500 Midcities Metropolitan District No. 2, In the City and County of Broomfield, Colorado, 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 514,355 Subordinate Special Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2016B, 7.750%, 12/15/46 2,000 Murphy Creek Metropolitan District 3, Aurora, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 2,000,000 Refunding & Improvement Series 2006, 6.125%, 12/01/35 (4) 500 North Pine Vistas Metropolitan District 3, Castle Pines, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited 12/26 at 103.00 N/R 499,460 Tax General Obligation Bonds, Subordinate Series 2021B, 4.625%, 12/15/51 – AGM Insured 1,000 North Range Metropolitan District 3, Adams County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,098,070 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A-3, 5.250%, 12/01/50 1,535 North Vista Highlands Metropolitan District 3, Pueblo County, Colorado, Limited Tax 3/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,651,691 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2020, 5.125%, 12/01/49 1,000 Northfield Metropolitan District 2, Fort Collins, Larimer County, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,073,320 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/50 Painted Prairie Public Improvement Authority, Aurora, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2019: 1,500 5.000%, 12/01/39 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,631,925 5,000 5.000%, 12/01/49 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 5,397,900 107 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 500 Palisade Park West Metropolitan District, Broomfield County, Colorado, Limited Tax 6/24 at 103.00 N/R $ 533,710 General Obligation Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax, Series 2019A, 5.125%, 12/01/49 500 Parkdale Community Authority, Erie, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported Revenue Bonds, 9/25 at 103.00 N/R 541,075 District 1, Series 2020A, 5.250%, 12/01/50 550 Patriot Park Metropolitan District 2, Colorado Springs, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 563,382 Obligation Bonds, Series 2021, 4.300%, 12/01/50 500 Peak Metropolitan District 1, Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado, Limited Tax 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 545,755 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 12/01/41, 144A 500 Prairie Corner Metropolitan District, Adams County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/26 at 103.00 N/R 494,530 Obligation Bonds, Series 2021, 4.875%, 12/01/51, 144A 1,000 Pueblo Urban Renewal Authority, Colorado, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, EVRAZ Project, 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,117,940 Series 2021A, 4.750%, 12/01/45, 144A 500 Raindance Metropolitan District 1, Acting by and through its Water Activity Enterprise 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 542,270 In the Town of Windsor, Weld County, Colorado, Non-Potable Water Enterprise Revenue Bonds, Series 2020, 5.250%, 12/01/50 1,000 Rampart Range Metropolitan District 5, Lone Tree, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax 10/26 at 102.00 N/R 1,012,030 Supported and Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 4.000%, 12/01/51 1,000 Remuda Ranch Metropolitan District, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,093,050 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/50 750 Reunion Metropolitan District, Acting By and Through its Water Activity Enterprise, 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 724,890 Adams County, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 3.625%, 12/01/44 500 Ritoro Metropolitan District In the Town of Elizabeth, Elbert County, Colorado, Limited Tax , 6/24 at 103.00 N/R 533,855 Convertible to Unlimited Tax, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 500 Riverdale Ranch Metropolitan District, Thornton City, Adams County, Colorado, Limited 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 533,500 Tax General Obligation Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 570 Riverview Metropolitan District, Steamboat Springs, Routt County, Colorado, General Obligation 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 603,305 Limited Tax Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Refunding Series 2021, 5.000%, 12/01/51 Siena Lake Metropolitan District, Gypsum, Colorado, General Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2021: 500 3.750%, 12/01/41 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 489,365 2,000 4.000%, 12/01/51 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,955,380 1,025 Silver Leaf Metropolitan District, Jefferson County, Colorado, General Obligation 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,026,968 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2021A-3, 5.250%, 12/01/50 1,000 South Aurora Regional Improvement Authority, Aurora, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,061,920 Series 2018, 6.250%, 12/01/57 2,790 Sterling Ranch Metropolitan District 1, El Paso County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 3,044,783 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2020, 5.125%, 12/01/50 3,000 Stone Ridge Metropolitan District 2, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Limited Tax 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 480,000 Convertible to Unlimited, Series 2007, 0.000%, 12/01/31 (4) 685 Three Springs Metropolitan District 1, Durango, La Plata County, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 690,062 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Subordinate Series 2020B, 7.125%, 12/15/50 2,000 Transport Metropolitan District 3, In the City of Aurora, Adams County, Colorado, 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 2,204,780 General Obligation Limited Bonds, Series 2021A-1, 5.000%, 12/01/51 1,000 Tree Farm Metropolitan District, 4.750%, 12/01/50, 144A 12/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,001,950 965 VDW Metropolitan District 2, Larimer County, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, 12/21 at 103.00 N/R 995,841 Refunding Limited Tax Series 2016B, 7.250%, 12/15/45 1,000 Velocity Metropolitan District 3, In the City of Aurora, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,076,740 Obligation Bonds, Series 2019, 5.375%, 12/01/39 1,500 Velocity Metropolitan District 5, In the City of Aurora, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/23 at 81.31 N/R 1,090,425 Obligation Bonds, Convertible Capital Appreciation Series 2020A-2, 6.000%, 12/01/50 1,570 Velocity Metropolitan District 5, In the City of Aurora, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,660,244 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A-1, 5.375%, 12/01/50 108 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 1,000 Verve Metropolitan District 1, Jefferson County and the City and County of Broomfield, 3/26 at 103.00 N/R $ 1,082,600 Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding and Improvement Limited Tax Series 2021, 5.000%, 12/01/51 500 Village East Community Metropolitan District, Frederick, Weld County, Colorado, Limited 9/25 at 103.00 N/R 542,895 Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.250%, 12/01/50 1,100 Village Metropolitan District In the Town of Avon, Eagle County, Colorado, Special 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,228,964 Revenue and Limited Property Tax Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2020, 5.000%, 12/01/40 2,000 Westwood Metropolitan District, Thornton, Adams County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,980,920 Obligation Bonds, Senior Series 2021A, 4.000%, 12/01/51, 144A 1,390 Windler Public Improvement Authority, Aurora, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported Revenue 9/26 at 97.28 N/R 1,029,142 Bonds, Convertible Capital Appreciation Series 2021A-2, 0.000%, 12/01/51, 144A 14,000 Windler Public Improvement Authority, Aurora, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported Revenue 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 13,473,880 Bonds, Series 2021A-1, 4.125%, 12/01/51, 144A 705 Windsor Highlands Metropolitan District 9, Windsor, Larimer County, Colorado, Limited 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 751,593 Tax Supported Revenue Bonds, Series 2019, 5.000%, 12/01/49 1,000 Winsome Metropolitan District No. 3, El Paso County, Colorado, General Obligation 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 964,950 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2021A, 5.125%, 12/01/50, 144A 830 Woodmen Heights Metropolitan District 2, El Paso County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 896,724 Limited Tax Bonds, Taxable Converting to Tax-Exempt Refunding Subordinate Series 2020B-1, 6.250%, 12/15/40 135,398 Total Colorado 136,346,502 Connecticut – 0.6% (0.4% of Total Investments) 2,000 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Stamford 7/32 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,262,460 Hospital, Forward Delivery Series 2022M, 4.000%, 7/01/42 (WI/DD, Settling 4/05/22) 3,000 Connecticut State Health & Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Hartford 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 3,433,470 HealthCare Obligated Group, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 7/01/51 (UB) 500 Great Pond Improvement District, Connecticut, Special Obligation Revenue Bonds, Great 10/26 at 102.00 N/R 524,855 Pond Phase 1 Project, Series 20019, 4.750%, 10/01/48, 144A 6,266 Mashantucket Western Pequot Tribe, Connecticut, Special Revenue Bonds, Subordinate No Opt. Call N/R 939,983 Series 2013A, 0.070%, 7/01/31 (cash 4.000%, PIK 2.050%) (4) Steel Point Infrastructure Improvement District, Connecticut, Special Obligation Revenue Bonds, Steelpointe Harbor Project, Series 2021: 110 4.000%, 4/01/41 4/30 at 100.00 N/R 115,284 410 4.000%, 4/01/51 4/30 at 100.00 N/R 421,800 12,286 Total Connecticut 7,697,852 Delaware – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 2,500 Delaware Economic Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Odyssey Charter School Inc. 3/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,772,650 Project, Series 2015A, 7.000%, 9/01/45, 144A District of Columbia – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 65 District of Columbia Tobacco Settlement Corporation, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed No Opt. Call BBB 71,226 Bonds, Series 2001, 6.500%, 5/15/33 250 District of Columbia, Revenue Bonds, KIPP DC Issue, Series 2013A, 6.000%, 7/01/33 7/23 at 100.00 N/R (7) 273,630 (Pre-refunded 7/01/23) 2,000 District of Columbia, Revenue Bonds, Saint Paul on Fouth Street, Inc., Series 2019A, 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,010,880 5.250%, 5/15/55, 144A 1,800 District of Columbia, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Union Market Infrastructure Project, 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,451,178 Series 2021A, 4.250%, 6/01/46, 144A 4,115 Total District of Columbia 3,806,914 Florida – 15.7% (10.4% of Total Investments) 500 Academical Village Community Development District, Davie, Florida, Special Assessment 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 521,480 Revenue Bonds, Series 2020, 4.000%, 5/01/51 109 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 1,500 Alachua County Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Health Facilties Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,500,030 Terraces at Bonita Springs Project, Series 2011A, 8.125%, 11/15/46 2,000 Ave Maria Stewardship Community District, Florida, Bond Anticipation Notes, Phase 4 5/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,990,100 Master Improvements Project, Series 2021, 3.500%, 5/01/26, 144A 2,245 Ave Maria Stewardship Community District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,328,514 Ave Maria National Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/51 500 Ave Maria Stewardship Community District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/32 at 100.00 N/R 520,015 Maple Ridge Phase 3 Master Improvements Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52, 144A 1,740 Ave Maria Stewardship Community District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,774,313 Series 2012, 6.700%, 5/01/42 1,685 Ave Maria Stewardship Community District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,786,319 Series 2015, 5.375%, 5/01/45 1,000 Babcock Ranch Community Independent Special District, Charlotte County, Florida, Special 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,035,190 Assessment Bonds, 2021 Project Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52, 144A 995 Babcock Ranch Community Independent Special District, Charlotte County, Florida, Special 11/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,079,127 Assessment Bonds, Series 2015, 5.250%, 11/01/46 905 Belmont Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 1,087,801 Phase 1 Project, Series 2013A, 6.125%, 11/01/33 1,695 Boggy Creek Improvement District, Orlando, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 5/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,771,207 Refunding Series 2013, 5.125%, 5/01/43 1,000 Brightwater Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,029,490 Assessment Area 1 Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, AcadeMir Charter Schools, Series 2021A: 285 4.000%, 7/01/41, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 Ba2 309,493 545 4.000%, 7/01/51, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 Ba2 582,382 445 4.000%, 7/01/56, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 Ba2 471,713 2,500 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, LLT Academy South 6/25 at 105.00 N/R 2,694,925 Bay Project, Series 2020A, 6.000%, 6/15/55, 144A Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Babcock Neighborhood School Inc, Series 2021: 500 4.000%, 8/15/51, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 473,305 1,000 4.200%, 8/15/56, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 944,100 1,000 4.250%, 8/15/61, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 941,510 6,000 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Educational Growth Fund, LLC, Charter 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 6,763,740 School Portfolio Projects, Series 2021A-1, 5.000%, 7/01/56, 144A 3,135 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Provision CARES Proton Therapy Center, 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,716,444 Orlando Project, Series 2018, 7.500%, 6/01/48, 144A (4), (8) 830 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Renaissance Charter School Project, Series 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 901,081 2019A, 5.000%, 6/15/39, 144A 1,000 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, St. Johns Classical Academy, Refunding 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,013,440 Series 2021A, 4.000%, 6/15/56, 144A 1,000 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Tuscan Gardens of Palm Coast Project, 4/24 at 103.00 N/R 498,160 Series 2017A, 7.000%, 10/01/49, 144A 1,000 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Senior Living Facilities Revenue Bonds, Elim Senior 8/24 at 103.00 N/R 885,910 Housing, Inc. Project, Series 2017, 5.875%, 8/01/52, 144A 955 Celebration Pointe Community Development District 1, Alachua County, Florida, Special 5/24 at 100.00 N/R 992,493 Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2014, 5.125%, 5/01/45 500 Celebration Pointe Community Development District 1, Alachua County, Florida, Special 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 514,140 Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/53 500 Charlotte County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Utility System Revenue 10/27 at 100.00 N/R 548,110 Bonds, Town & Country Utilities Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 10/01/49 (AMT), 144A 2,000 Collier County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Continuing Care Community 5/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,360,000 Revenue Bonds, Arlington of Naples Project, Series 2014A, 0.000%, 5/15/35, 144A (4) 110 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 995 Cross Creek North Community Development District, Clay County, Florida, Special 11/29 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,120,012 Assessment Bonds, Series 2018, 5.375%, 11/01/50, 144A 1,000 Crystal Cay Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, 2021 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,038,460 Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/51 1,605 Cypress Mill Community Development District, Hillsborough County, Florida, Special 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,698,347 Assessment Bonds, Assessment Area 2, Series 2020, 4.000%, 6/15/40 525 East Nassau Stewardship District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 539,632 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/51 700 Fishhawk Community Development District IV, Hillsborough County, Florida, Special 5/23 at 100.00 N/R 750,400 Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2013A, 7.000%, 5/01/33 1,245 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Creative 6/29 at 102.00 N/R 1,349,144 Inspiration Journey School of St. Cloud, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 6/15/41, 144A 1,850 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Downtown 7/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,973,358 Doral Charter Elementary School Project, Series 2014A, 6.500%, 7/01/44 1,000 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Downtown 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,073,350 Doral Charter Elementary School Project, Series 2017A, 5.750%, 7/01/44, 144A 565 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Florida 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 606,878 Charter Foundation Inc. Projects, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 7/15/46, 144A 1,000 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Miami 6/24 at 100.00 N/R 934,370 Arts Charter School Projects, Series 2014, 6.000%, 6/15/44, 144A 655 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Pepin 1/27 at 100.00 N/R 701,335 Academies of Pasco County Inc., Series 2020A, 5.000%, 1/01/50, 144A 5,000 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Renaissance 6/23 at 100.00 N/R (7) 5,645,700 Charter School, Inc. Projects, Series 2013A, 8.500%, 6/15/44 (Pre-refunded 6/15/23) 120 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, 9/27 at 100.00 N/R 131,538 Renaissance Charter School, Inc. Projects, Series 2020C, 5.000%, 9/15/50, 144A 17,750 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Florida, Surface Transportation Facility Revenue 1/24 at 107.00 N/R 19,169,645 Bonds, Brightline Passenger Rail Project, Green Series 2019B, 7.375%, 1/01/49 (AMT), 144A Florida Development Finance Corporation, Florida, Surface Transportation Facility Revenue Bonds, Virgin Trains USA Passenger Rail Project , Series 2019A: 5,590 6.250%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/24), 144A 11/21 at 103.00 N/R 5,668,204 31,170 6.375%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/26), 144A 11/21 at 104.00 N/R 31,642,225 6,485 6.500%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/29), 144A 11/21 at 104.00 N/R 6,572,742 FRERC Community Development District, Ocoee, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Series 2020: 2,750 5.375%, 11/01/40 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,933,947 2,000 5.500%, 11/01/50 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,139,140 1,000 Gracewater Sarasota Community Development District, Sarasota County, Florida, Capital 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,024,640 Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52, 144A 2,500 Grand Bay at Doral Community Development District, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Special 11/22 at 100.00 N/R 2,572,900 Assessment Bonds, Doral Breeze Project Series 2012, 5.500%, 11/01/32 1,000 Grand Bay at Doral Community Development District, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Special 5/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,088,380 Assessment Improvement Bonds, Assessment Area Two Project, Refunding Series 2014A-2, 6.500%, 5/01/39 200 Gulfstream Polo Community Development District, Palm Beach County, Florida, Special 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 214,348 Assessment Bonds, Phase 2 Project, Series 2019, 4.375%, 11/01/49 1,000 Hammock Reserve Community Development District, Haines City, Florida, Special Assessment 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,038,460 Revenue Bonds, Area 2 Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/51 1,895 Harmony Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,981,943 Special Assessment, Refunding Series 2014, 5.250%, 5/01/32 200 Hawkstone Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 210,332 Assessment Area 2, Series 2019, 4.000%, 11/01/39 1,000 Lakes by the Bay South Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment 11/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,031,230 Bonds, Series 2012, 5.750%, 11/01/42 111 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 265 Lakes of Sarasota Community Development District, Florida, Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 N/R $ 268,750 Capital Phase 1 Project 2021A-1, 4.100%, 5/01/51 500 Lakes of Sarasota Community Development District, Florida, Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 505,050 Capital Phase 1 Project 2021B-1, 4.300%, 5/01/51 610 Lakewood Park Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 626,019 Assessment Area 1, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52 625 Lakewood Ranch Stewardship District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Lakewood 5/25 at 100.00 N/R 659,400 Centre North Project, Series 2015, 4.875%, 5/01/45 2,000 Lee County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Lee 11/21 at 100.00 BB– 2,003,000 County Community Charter Schools, Series 2007A, 5.375%, 6/15/37 630 Lee County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Healthcare Facilities Revenue 12/22 at 105.00 N/R 646,853 Bonds, Preserve Project, Series 2017A, 5.750%, 12/01/52, 144A 750 Leomas Landing Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 768,480 Bonds, Assessment Area 2, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52 1,000 Magic Place Community Development District, Osceola County, Florida, Special Assessment 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,033,530 Revenue Bonds, Series 2019, 4.500%, 5/01/51 12,190 Miami Beach, Florida, Resort Tax Revenue Bonds, Series 2015, 5.000%, 9/01/45 (UB) (6) 9/25 at 100.00 AA– 13,920,614 750 Miami Dade County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Educational Facilities Revenue 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 813,825 Bonds, South Florida Autism Charter School Project, Series 2017, 6.000%, 7/01/47, 144A 2,085 Miami World Center Community Development District, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Special 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,373,835 Assessment Bonds, Series 2017, 5.250%, 11/01/49 1,750 Miami-Dade County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Youth Co-Op 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,900,658 Charter Schools Project, Series 2015A, 6.000%, 9/15/45, 144A 3,000 Miami-Dade County, Florida, Seaport Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2021A-1, 4.000%, 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 3,462,240 10/01/45 – AGM Insured (AMT) (UB) Miami-Dade County, Florida, Seaport Revenue Bonds, Refunding Subordinate Series 2021B-1: 2,000 4.000%, 10/01/46 (AMT) (UB) 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,297,200 3,000 4.000%, 10/01/50 (AMT) (UB) 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 3,432,210 505 Mirada Community Development District, Pasco County, Florida, Bond Anticipation Note, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 505,722 Assessment Area 3, Series 2019, 4.500%, 5/01/24 400 North Park Isle Community Development District, Plant City, Florida, Special Assessment 5/29 at 100.00 N/R 429,844 Revenue Bonds, Assessment Area 1, Series 2019, 4.750%, 5/01/50 930 Northern Palm Beach County Improvement District, Florida, Water Control and Improvement 8/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,034,662 Bonds, Development Unit 53, Series 2015, 5.500%, 8/01/46 1,000 Northern Palm Beach County Improvement District, Florida, Water Control and Improvement 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,043,470 Bonds, Development Unit 53, Series 2021, 4.000%, 8/01/51 Palm Beach County Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Sinai Residences of Boca Raton Project, Series 2014A: 620 7.000%, 6/01/29 6/22 at 102.00 N/R 650,306 3,110 7.500%, 6/01/49 6/22 at 102.00 N/R 3,261,581 1,355 Palm Beach County, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Provident Group – LU Properties LLC Lynn 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,584,090 University Housing Project, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 6/01/57, 144A 500 Palm Beach County, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Provident Group – PBAU Properties LLC – Palm 4/29 at 100.00 Ba1 560,720 Beach Atlantic University Housing Project, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 4/01/51, 144A 3,215 Pine Island Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Bella 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 3,220,755 Collina, Series 2004, 5.750%, 5/01/35 500 Portico Community Development District, Lee County, Florida, Special Assessment, 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 519,345 Improvement Series 2020-2, 4.000%, 5/01/50 1,245 Reunion East Community Development District, Osceola County, Florida, Special Assessment 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,218,295 Bonds, Series 2021, 3.150%, 5/01/41 1,545 Reunion West Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Series 5/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,570,662 2004A-1, 6.250%, 5/01/36 112 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 910 Rivers Edge II Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue 5/31 at 100.00 N/R $ 938,319 Bonds, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/51 2,500 Rolling Oaks Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Series 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,880,700 2016, 6.000%, 11/01/47 1,000 Saddle Creek Preserve of Polk County Community Development District, Florida, Special 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,044,470 Assessment Bonds, Series 2020, 4.000%, 6/15/50 1,000 Saint Johns County Housing Authority, Florida, Multifamily Mortgage Revenue Bonds, 11/31 at 100.00 N/R 999,990 Victoria Crossing, Series 2021A, 3.920%, 4/01/59 (Mandatory Put 4/01/39), 144A Sawyers Landing Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2021: 1,000 4.125%, 5/01/41, 144A 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,059,560 1,000 4.250%, 5/01/53, 144A 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,051,860 610 Seminole County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Educational Facilities 6/31 at 100.00 Ba1 667,566 Revenue Bonds, Galileo Schools for Gifted Learning, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 6/15/51, 144A 500 Shingle Creek at Branson Community Development District, Osceola County, Florida, 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 519,010 Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 4.000%, 6/15/51 990 Shingle Creek Community Development District, Osceola County, Florida, Special 11/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,084,733 Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2015, 5.400%, 11/01/45 1,000 Southern Grove Community Development District 5, Port Saint Lucie, Florida, Special 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,041,730 Assessment Bonds, Community Infrastructure Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/48 750 Summit View Community Development District, Dade City, Florida, Special Assessment No Opt. Call N/R 736,253 Revenue Bonds, Series 2021B, 5.000%, 5/01/41 660 Three Rivers Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 662,792 Series 2021B, 4.500%, 5/01/36 1,000 Three Rivers Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 9/23 at 100.00 N/R 985,460 South Assessment Area Series 2021B, 4.625%, 5/01/36, 144A 1,540 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Convertible, 5/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,372,540 Capital Appreciation, Series 2012A-4, 0.000%, 5/01/40 (5) Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Hope Note, Series 2007-3: 120 6.375%, 5/01/22 (4) No Opt. Call N/R 1 1,360 6.650%, 5/01/40 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 14 2,845 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Hope Note, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 28 Series 2007A-2, 5.250%, 5/01/39 (4) 3,740 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Refunding 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 3,750,622 Series 2015-1, 0.000%, 5/01/40 (5) 2,300 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Refunding 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,789,147 Series 2015-2, 0.000%, 5/01/40 (5) 2,505 Tolomato Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Refunding 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 25 Series 2015-3, 6.610%, 5/01/40 (4) 1,230 Touchstone Community Development District, Hillsborough County, Florida, Special 12/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,321,795 Assessment Bonds, 2019 Project, Series 2019, 4.000%, 12/15/40 400 Tradition Community Development District 9, Port Saint Lucie, Florida, Special 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 416,040 Assessment Bonds, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52 Turtle Run Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Benefit Tax Bonds, Series 2017-2: 1,000 5.000%, 5/01/37 5/28 at 100.00 A2 1,162,080 2,020 5.000%, 5/01/47 5/28 at 100.00 A2 2,317,485 1,725 Twin Creeks North Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, 11/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,987,579 Master Infrastructure Improvements, Series 2016A-1, 6.375%, 11/01/47 3,570 Twin Creeks North Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, 11/31 at 100.00 N/R 4,113,425 Master Infrastructure Improvements, Series 2016A-2, 6.375%, 11/01/47 500 Two Lakes Community Development District, Hialeah, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, 12/29 at 100.00 N/R 526,555 Expansion Area Project, Series 2019, 4.000%, 12/15/49 113 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 505 Union Park East Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue 5/31 at 100.00 N/R $ 515,413 Bonds, Assessment Area 3 Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/51, 144A 1,000 V-Dana Community Development District, Lee County, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,029,490 Area 1 – 2021 Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52 1,000 Venetian Parc Community Development District, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Special 11/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,288,700 Assessment Bonds, Area One Project, Series 2013, 6.500%, 11/01/43 975 Waterset North Community Development District, Hillsborough County, Florida, Special 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,034,582 Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2014, 5.500%, 11/01/45 500 Westside Haines City Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 511,110 Area 1 Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52 217,595 Total Florida 220,005,382 Georgia – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 1,000 Atlanta Urban Residential Finance Authority, Georgia, Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, 11/23 at 100.00 BB+ 1,004,510 Testletree Village Apartments, Series 2013A, 5.000%, 11/01/48 1,880 Douglas County Development Authority, Georgia, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Brighten 10/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,979,659 Academy Project, Series 2013A, 7.125%, 10/01/43 1,000 Fulton County Development Authority, Georgia, Revenue Bonds, Amana Academy Project, 4/23 at 100.00 N/R (7) 1,084,540 Series 2013A, 6.500%, 4/01/43 (Pre-refunded 4/01/23) 3,880 Total Georgia 4,068,709 Guam – 0.0% (0.0% of Total Investments) Guam A.B. Won Pat International Airport Authority, Revenue Bonds, Series 2013C: 160 6.375%, 10/01/43 (AMT) 10/23 at 100.00 Baa2 173,381 170 6.375%, 10/01/43 (Pre-refunded 10/01/23) (AMT) 10/23 at 100.00 Baa2 (7) 189,149 330 Total Guam 362,530 Idaho – 0.7% (0.4% of Total Investments) 7,400 Idaho Falls Auditorium District, Idaho, Certifications of Participation, Annual 5/26 at 102.00 N/R 7,407,918 Appropriation Series 2021, 5.250%, 5/15/51, 144A 500 Idaho Health Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Saint Luke’s Health System Project, 3/22 at 100.00 A– 526,630 Tender Option Bond Trust 2016-XG0066, 17.171%, 3/01/47, 144A (IF) 565 Idaho Housing and Finance Association NonProfit Facilities Revenue Bonds, Gem Prep 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 577,978 Meridian North LLC, Series 2020A., 5.250%, 7/01/55, 144A 1,000 Idaho Housing and Finance Association NonProfit Facilities Revenue Bonds, Gem Prep 11/25 at 100.00 N/R 965,490 Meridian South Charter School Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/56, 144A 9,465 Total Idaho 9,478,016 Illinois – 22.5% (14.9% of Total Investments) 447 Bolingbrook, Illinois, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Series 2005, 6.250%, 1/01/24 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 439,671 10,670 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, Dedicated Capital Improvement Tax Revenue Bonds, 4/27 at 100.00 A– 12,842,305 Series 2016, 6.000%, 4/01/46 (UB) (6) 1,500 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/24 at 100.00 BB 1,653,465 Project Series 2015C, 5.250%, 12/01/39 2,000 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/27 at 100.00 BB 2,328,680 Refunding Series 2017H, 5.000%, 12/01/46 15,385 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/25 at 100.00 BB 18,421,845 Series 2016A, 7.000%, 12/01/44 2,025 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/26 at 100.00 BB 2,463,514 Series 2016B, 6.500%, 12/01/46 9,910 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/27 at 100.00 BB 12,703,233 Series 2017A, 7.000%, 12/01/46, 144A 3,000 Chicago Greater Metropolitan Water Reclamation District, Illinois, General Obligation 12/24 at 100.00 AAA 3,375,360 Bonds, Capital Improvement, Green 2014 Series 2015A, 5.000%, 12/01/44 (UB) (6) 114 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) $ 7,500 Chicago Transit Authority, Illinois, Sales Tax Receipts Revenue Bonds, Series 2011, 12/21 at 100.00 AA (7) $ 7,530,825 5.250%, 12/01/40 (Pre-refunded 12/01/21) (UB) (6) 1,308 Chicago, Illinois, Certificates of Participation Tax Increment Bonds, 35th and State 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,308,130 Redevelopment Project, Series 2012, 6.100%, 1/15/29 2,125 Chicago, Illinois, Certificates of Participation, Tax Increment Allocation Revenue 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,633,105 Bonds, Diversey-Narragansett Project, Series 2006, 7.460%, 2/15/26 (4) 5,000 Chicago, Illinois, General Airport Revenue Bonds, O’Hare International Airport, 1/29 at 100.00 AA 5,599,350 Refunding Senior Lien Series 2018A, 4.000%, 1/01/43 (AMT) (UB) (6) 30,500 Chicago, Illinois, General Airport Revenue Bonds, O’Hare International Airport, Senior 1/29 at 100.00 A 36,696,380 Lien Series 2018B, 5.000%, 1/01/48 (UB) (6) 2,000 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project & Refunding Series 2014A, 1/24 at 100.00 Ba1 2,172,880 5.250%, 1/01/30 9,400 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project & Refunding Series 2017A, 1/27 at 100.00 BBB– 11,416,676 6.000%, 1/01/38 1,000 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project and Refunding Series 2005D, 1/25 at 100.00 Ba1 1,119,170 5.500%, 1/01/37 130 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2016C, 5.000%, 1/01/38 1/26 at 100.00 BBB– 147,172 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2019A: 3,500 5.000%, 1/01/44 1/29 at 100.00 BBB– 4,100,495 7,500 5.000%, 1/01/44 (UB) (6) 1/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 8,786,775 8,000 5.500%, 1/01/49 (UB) (6) 1/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 9,610,320 1,500 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Variable Rate Demand Series 2007F, 1/25 at 100.00 Ba1 1,673,655 5.500%, 1/01/42 5,000 Illinois Finance Authority Revenue Bonds, Ness Healthcare NFP, Series 2016A, 6.375%, 11/26 at 100.00 N/R 3,931,550 11/01/46, 144A (4) 250 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Acero Charter Schools, Inc., Series 2021, 10/31 at 100.00 BB+ 273,090 4.000%, 10/01/42, 144A Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Ascension Health/fkaPresence Health Network, Series 2016C: 25 4.000%, 2/15/41 (Pre-refunded 2/15/27) (UB) 2/27 at 100.00 N/R (7) 29,010 495 4.000%, 2/15/41 (Pre-refunded 2/15/27) (UB) 2/27 at 100.00 N/R (7) 574,403 10,655 4.000%, 2/15/41 (UB) 2/27 at 100.00 AA+ 11,934,239 1,000 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Lake Forest College, Series 2012A, 10/22 at 100.00 BBB– 1,021,910 6.000%, 10/01/48 5,000 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Northwestern Memorial Healthcare, Series 1/28 at 100.00 AA+ 5,687,500 2017A, 4.000%, 7/15/47 (UB) (6) 2,000 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Roosevelt University, Series 2018B, 6.125%, 10/28 at 100.50 N/R 2,390,180 4/01/58, 144A 5,000 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, The University of Chicago Medical Center, 2/27 at 100.00 AA– 5,573,450 Series 2016B, 4.000%, 8/15/41 (UB) (6) 1,715 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, May Series 2020, 5.750%, 5/01/45 5/30 at 100.00 BBB– 2,130,647 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2016: 1,000 5.000%, 11/01/35 11/26 at 100.00 BBB– 1,161,620 1,000 5.000%, 11/01/37 11/26 at 100.00 BBB– 1,156,930 9,945 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2017D, 5.000%, 11/01/27 (UB) (6) No Opt. Call BBB 11,930,420 630 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 3/01/36 3/22 at 100.00 BBB– 638,474 5,445 Illinois State, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Build Illinois, Refunding Junior Obligation 6/26 at 100.00 BBB+ 6,021,244 September Series 2016C, 4.000%, 6/15/31 (UB) (6) 2,000 Lombard Public Facilities Corporation, Illinois, Conference Center and Hotel Revenue 3/28 at 100.00 N/R 2,000,900 Bonds, First Tier Series 2005A-2, 5.500%, 1/01/36, 144A (4) 4,695 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project No Opt. Call BB+ 1,927,204 Bonds, Refunding Series 2012B, 0.010%, 12/15/50 115 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Refunding Series 2020A: $ 16,000 4.000%, 6/15/50 12/29 at 100.00 BBB+ $ 17,669,760 45,550 4.000%, 6/15/50 (UB) (6) 12/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 50,303,598 2,500 5.000%, 6/15/50 12/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,954,600 5,000 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project 12/31 at 100.00 BB+ 5,557,150 Bonds, Refunding Series 2022A, 4.000%, 6/15/52 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 830 Rantoul, Champaign County, Illinois, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Evans Road Series 12/23 at 100.00 N/R 854,502 2013B, 7.000%, 12/01/33 Sales Tax Securitization Corporation, Illinois, Sales Tax Securitization Bonds, Series 2018C: 9,875 5.000%, 1/01/36 (UB) (6) 1/29 at 100.00 AA– 12,113,267 17,750 5.250%, 1/01/48 (UB) (6) 1/29 at 100.00 AA– 21,638,137 895 Yorkville United City Business District, Illinois, Storm Water and Water Improvement 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 366,950 Project Revenue Bonds, Series 2007, 4.800%, 1/01/26 (4) 278,655 Total Illinois 315,863,741 Indiana – 0.8% (0.5% of Total Investments) 2,070 Carmel Redevelopment District, Indiana, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Series 2004A, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 2,091,942 6.650%, 7/15/24 1,000 Indiana Bond Bank, Special Program Bonds, Hendricks Regional Health Project, Tender No Opt. Call AA 2,188,620 Option Bond Trust 2016-XL0019, 18.735%, 4/01/30 – AMBAC Insured, 144A (IF) 1,000 Indiana Finance Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Discovery Charter 12/25 at 100.00 BB– 1,125,600 School Project, Series 2015A, 7.250%, 12/01/45 1,000 Indiana Finance Authority, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, United States Steel No Opt. Call B 1,098,900 Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2021A, 4.125%, 12/01/26 2,000 Indiana Finance Authority, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, United States Steel 8/22 at 100.00 B3 2,048,140 Corporation Project, Series 2012, 5.750%, 8/01/42 (AMT) 500 Indiana Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, King’s Daughters’ Hospital and Health 11/21 at 100.00 Baa2 501,620 Services, Series 2010, 5.500%, 8/15/45 865 Saint Joseph County, Indiana, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, Chicago Trail Village 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 870,233 Apartments, Series 2005A, 7.500%, 7/01/35 1,000 Shoals, Indiana, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, National Gypsum Company Project, 11/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,070,730 Series 2013, 7.250%, 11/01/43 (AMT) 1,375 Terre Haute, Indiana, Economic Development Solid Waste Facility Revenue Bonds, Pyrolyx No Opt. Call N/R 455,768 USA Indiana, LLC Project, Series 2017A, 7.250%, 12/01/28 (AMT) (4), (8) 10,810 Total Indiana 11,451,553 Iowa – 0.2% (0.2% of Total Investments) 1,030 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Alcoa Inc. 8/22 at 100.00 Ba2 1,052,114 Project, Series 2012, 4.750%, 8/01/42 2,000 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Iowa Fertilizer 12/23 at 100.00 B+ 2,155,600 Company Project, Series 2013, 5.250%, 12/01/25 3,030 Total Iowa 3,207,714 Kansas – 0.5% (0.3% of Total Investments) 5,305 University of Kansas Hospital Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, KU Health 9/25 at 100.00 AA– 6,079,795 System, Refunding & Improvement Series 2015, 5.000%, 9/01/45 (UB) (6) 1,000 Wyandotte County-Kansas City Unified Government, Kansas, Sales Tax Special Obligation 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,008,850 Bonds, Vacation Village Project Area 1 and 2A, Series 2015, 5.750%, 9/01/32 6,305 Total Kansas 7,088,645 Kentucky – 5.0% (3.3% of Total Investments) 1,385 Bell County, Kentucky, Special Assessment Industrial Building Revenue Bonds, Boone’s 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,451,037 Ridge Project, Series 2020, 6.000%, 12/01/40 116 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Kentucky (continued) Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Owensboro Health, Refunding Series 2017A: $ 5,450 5.000%, 6/01/41 6/27 at 100.00 BBB– $ 6,330,938 3,300 5.000%, 6/01/45 6/27 at 100.00 BBB– 3,818,991 12,665 5.000%, 6/01/45 (UB) (6) 6/27 at 100.00 Baa2 14,656,824 1,000 Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority, Kentucky, Healthcare Facilities Revenue 7/29 at 102.00 N/R 1,071,150 Bonds, Christian Care Communities, Inc. Obligated Group, Series 2021, 5.125%, 7/01/55 Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Next Generation Kentucky Information Highway Project, Senior Series 2015A: 11,000 5.000%, 7/01/37 (UB) 7/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 12,315,710 9,295 5.000%, 7/01/40 (UB) 7/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 10,390,416 16,800 5.000%, 1/01/45 (UB) 7/25 at 100.00 BBB+ 18,748,296 1,000 Newport, Kentucky, Special Obligation Revenue Bonds, Newport Clifton Project, Series 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,017,820 2020B, 5.500%, 12/01/60 61,895 Total Kentucky 69,801,182 Louisiana – 1.0% (0.7% of Total Investments) 1,965 Ascension Parish Industrial development Board, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Impala 7/23 at 100.00 N/R 2,060,538 Warehousing (US) LLC Project, Series 2013, 6.000%, 7/01/36 1,000 Lakeshore Villages Master Community Development District, Louisiana, Special Assessment 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,032,140 Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 4.000%, 6/01/51 500 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Lake Charles College Prep 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 516,930 Project, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 6/01/58, 144A 1,405 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Mentorship STEAM Academy, 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,473,634 Series 2021A, 5.000%, 6/01/51, 144A 500 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Young Audiences Charter 4/27 at 100.00 N/R 511,870 School, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 4/01/57, 144A 1,845 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Dock and Wharf Revenue Bonds, Impala Warehousing 7/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,952,656 (US) LLC Project, Series 2013, 6.500%, 7/01/36 (AMT), 144A 1,565 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Lake Charles Charter Academy 12/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,573,826 Foundation Project, Series 2011A, 7.750%, 12/15/31 2,000 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Loyola University Project, No Opt. Call Baa1 2,220,760 Refunding Series 2017, 5.250%, 10/01/33 (5) 2,110 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Southwest Louisiana Charter 12/23 at 100.00 N/R 2,241,601 Academy Foundation Project, Series 2013A, 8.125%, 12/15/33 2,000 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Solid Waste Disposal Facility Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 20 Louisiana Pellets Inc Project, Series 2015, 7.000%, 7/01/24 (AMT), 144A (4) 540 Saint James Parish, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, NuStar Logistics, L.P. Project, Series 6/30 at 100.00 BB– 708,912 2010, 6.350%, 7/01/40, 144A 15,430 Total Louisiana 14,292,887 Maryland – 0.7% (0.5% of Total Investments) 1,595 Baltimore, Maryland, Convention Center Hotel Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2017, 9/27 at 100.00 CCC 1,682,534 5.000%, 9/01/42 3,000 Maryland Economic Development Corporation, Port Facilities Revenue Bonds, CNX Marine 11/21 at 100.00 BB– 3,030,960 Terminals Inc. Port of Baltimore Facility, Refunding Series 2010, 5.750%, 9/01/25 4,000 Maryland Economic Development Corporation, Revenue Bonds, Chesapeake Bay Hyatt 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 2,400,000 Conference Center, Series 2006A, 2.500%, 12/01/31 (4) 2,500 Maryland Economic Development Corporation, Revenue Bonds, Chesapeake Bay Hyatt 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,500,000 Conference Center, Series 2006B, 2.625%, 12/01/31 (4) 1,000 Maryland Economic Development Corporation, Special Obligation Bonds, Port Covington 9/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,116,480 Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 9/01/50 12,095 Total Maryland 9,729,974 117 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Massachusetts – 1.2% (0.8% of Total Investments) $ 5,735 Massachusetts Educational Financing Authority, Education Loan Revenue Bonds, Issue K, 7/26 at 100.00 A $ 6,077,437 Series 2017B, 4.250%, 7/01/46 (AMT) (UB) (6) 1,200 Massachusetts Educational Financing Authority, Education Loan Revenue Bonds, Issue M, 7/31 at 100.00 BBB 1,190,196 Subordinate Series 2021C, 3.000%, 7/01/51 (AMT) 5,000 Massachusetts State, General Obligation Bonds, Consolidated Loan, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 3/24 at 100.00 Aa1 5,510,300 3/01/46 (UB) (6) 2,985 Massachusetts State, General Obligation Bonds, Consolidated Loan, Series 2016E, 4.000%, 4/25 at 100.00 Aa1 3,306,245 4/01/33 (UB) (6) 14,920 Total Massachusetts 16,084,178 Michigan – 1.9% (1.3% of Total Investments) 5,000 Detroit, Wayne County, Michigan, General Obligation Bonds, Financial Recovery Series 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 4,782,350 2014B-1, 4.000%, 4/01/44 88 Detroit, Wayne County, Michigan, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2003A, 5.250%, 4/01/22 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 87,725 1,945 Michigan Finance Authority, Higher Education Limited Obligation Revenue Bonds, Aquinas 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,165,699 College Project, Refunding Series 2021, 5.000%, 5/01/36 1,000 Michigan Finance Authority, Public School Academy Limited Obligation Revenue Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 BB 1,122,450 Hanley International Academy, Inc. Project, Refunding Series 2021, 5.000%, 9/01/40 Michigan Finance Authority, Public School Academy Limited Obligation Revenue Bonds, Hope Academy Project, Refunding Series 2021: 185 4.400%, 4/01/31, 144A 4/28 at 100.00 N/R 182,053 315 4.900%, 4/01/41, 144A 4/28 at 100.00 N/R 306,523 1,235 Michigan Finance Authority, Public School Academy Limited Obligation Revenue Bonds, Voyageur 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,147,192 Academy Project, Refunding Series 2017. Private Placement of 2017, 5.900%, 7/15/46, 144A Michigan Housing Development Authority, Rental Housing Revenue Bonds, Series 2015A: 2,225 4.350%, 10/01/45 (UB) (6) 10/24 at 100.00 AA 2,356,898 4,500 4.600%, 4/01/52 (UB) (6) 10/24 at 100.00 AA 4,780,575 1,515 Michigan Public Educational Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, American 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,517,272 Montessori Academy, Series 2007, 6.500%, 12/01/37 1,000 Michigan Public Educational Facilities Authority, Limited Obligation Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 BBB– 1,001,970 Chandler Park Academy Project, Series 2008, 6.500%, 11/01/35 100,000 Michigan Tobacco Settlement Finance Authority, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Revenue 6/33 at 11.41 N/R 5,087,000 Bonds, Capital Appreciation Turbo Term Series 2008C, 0.010%, 6/01/58 1,000 Summit Academy North, Michigan, Revenue Bonds, Public School Academy, Refunding Series 11/28 at 103.00 BB 1,064,450 2021, 4.000%, 11/01/41 500 Summit Academy, Michigan, Revenue Bonds, Public School Academy Series 2005, 11/21 at 100.00 B+ 500,620 6.375%, 11/01/35 535 Universal Academy, Michigan, Public School Academy Bonds, Refunding Series 2021, 12/28 at 103.00 BBB– 593,181 4.000%, 12/01/31 121,043 Total Michigan 26,695,958 Minnesota – 0.8% (0.5% of Total Investments) 665 Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Athlos Leadership Academy 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 711,743 Project, Series 2015A, 5.500%, 7/01/35 1,000 Columbus, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, New Millennium Academy Project, 7/25 at 100.00 B 1,021,280 Series 2015A, 6.000%, 7/01/45 505 Greenwood, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Main Street School of 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 527,139 Performing Arts Project, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 7/01/47 100 Minneapolis, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Northeast College Prep 7/30 at 100.00 N/R 107,407 Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/55 2,000 Saint Paul Housing & Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 2,164,240 Bonds, Community School of Excellence, Series 2016A, 5.750%, 7/01/47, 144A 118 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Minnesota (continued) $ 1,000 Saint Paul Housing & Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue 9/30 at 100.00 BB+ $ 1,148,250 Bonds, Hmong College Prep Academy Project, Refunding Series 2020A, 5.000%, 9/01/55 1,225 Saint Paul Housing & Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue 6/29 at 102.00 N/R 1,204,077 Bonds, Math & Science Academy Charter School Project, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 6/01/51, 144A 3,000 Saint Paul Port Authority, Minnesota, Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, Gerdau Saint 10/22 at 100.00 BBB– 3,043,710 Paul Steel Mill Project, Series 2012-7, 4.500%, 10/01/37 (AMT), 144A Woodbury, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Woodbury Leadership Academy, Series 2021A: 850 4.000%, 7/01/41 7/28 at 103.00 BB– 923,797 575 4.000%, 7/01/56 7/28 at 103.00 BB– 613,945 10,920 Total Minnesota 11,465,588 Mississippi – 0.1% (0.0% of Total Investments) 500 Mississippi Business Finance Corporation, Gulf Opportunity Zone Revenue Bonds, King Edward 10/26 at 100.00 N/R 469,065 Mixed-Use Project, Refunding Series 2019A, 4.250%, 10/15/49 (Mandatory Put 10/15/39), 144A 555 Mississippi Home Corporation, Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, Tupelo Personal Care 12/21 at 100.00 N/R 554,704 Apartments, Series 2004-2, 6.125%, 9/01/34 (AMT) 1,055 Total Mississippi 1,023,769 Missouri – 1.3% (0.9% of Total Investments) 655 Kansas City Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Ward 4/26 at 100.00 N/R 677,748 Parkway Center Community Improvement District, Senior Refunding & Improvement Series 2016, 5.000%, 4/01/46, 144A 2,000 Liberty, Missouri, Special Obligation Tax Increment and Special Districts Bonds, Liberty 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,054,940 Commons Project, Subordinate Lien Series 2015B, 8.500%, 6/15/46, 144A 10,000 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, 11/27 at 100.00 A+ 11,149,500 Mercy Health, Series 2017C, 4.000%, 11/15/49 (UB) (6) Missouri Southern State University, Auxiliary Enterprise System Revenue Bonds, Series 2021: 1,000 4.000%, 10/01/34 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,050,110 1,000 4.000%, 10/01/44 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,025,510 500 North Outer Forty Transportation Development District, Chesterfield, Missouri, No Opt. Call N/R 475,405 Transportation Development Revenue Notes, Refunding Series 2021A, 4.000%, 12/01/46 1,100 Saint Louis Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Confluence Academy Project, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,100,088 Series 2007A, 5.350%, 6/15/32 1,353 Saint Louis, Missouri, Tax Increment Financing Revenue Bonds, Fashion Square 3/22 at 100.00 N/R 541,200 Redevelopment Project, Series 2008A, 6.300%, 8/22/26 732 Saint Louis, Missouri, Tax Increment Financing Revenue Bonds, Grace Lofts Redevelopment No Opt. Call N/R 91,500 Projects, Series 2007A, 3.300%, 12/31/26 18,340 Total Missouri 18,166,001 Nevada – 1.2% (0.8% of Total Investments) 985 City of Henderson, Nevada, Local Improvement District No. T-20 Rainbow Canyon, Local 9/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,119,019 Improvement Bonds, Series 2018, 5.375%, 9/01/48 2,000 Director of Nevada State Department of Business & Industry, Environmental Improvement 2/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,127,320 Revenue Bonds, Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels LLC Project, Green Series 2020, 6.750%, 2/15/38, 144A 2,000 Director of Nevada State Department of Business & Industry, Environmental Improvement 8/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,999,800 Revenue Bonds, Fulcrum Sierra Holdings LLC, Green Series 2019, 5.750%, 2/15/38 (AMT), 144A 10,000 Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, Nevada, Convention Center Expansion Revenue 7/28 at 100.00 Aa3 11,129,100 Bonds, Series 2018B, 4.000%, 7/01/49 (UB) (6) 560 North Las Vegas, Nevada, Local Improvement Bonds, Special Improvement District 64 Valley 12/28 at 100.00 N/R 616,062 Vista, Series 2019, 4.625%, 6/01/49 15,545 Total Nevada 16,991,301 119 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New Jersey – 4.6% (3.0% of Total Investments) $ 2,500 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, Lease Revenue Bonds, State Government 12/27 at 100.00 Baa1 $ 2,940,625 Buildings-Health Department & Taxation Division Office Project, Series 2018A, 5.000%, 6/15/47 (UB) (6) 5,000 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, Lease Revenue Bonds, State Government 12/27 at 100.00 Baa1 5,881,250 Buildings-Juvenile Justice Commission Facilities Project, Series 2018C, 5.000%, 6/15/47 (UB) (6) 9,500 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, School Facilities Construction Bonds, Series 6/27 at 100.00 Baa1 11,112,055 2017DDD, 5.000%, 6/15/42 (UB) (6) 4,100 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, Continental 8/22 at 101.00 B+ 4,259,162 Airlines Inc., Series 1999, 5.250%, 9/15/29 (AMT) 2,080 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, Continental 3/24 at 101.00 B+ 2,284,797 Airlines Inc., Series 2000A & 2000B, 5.625%, 11/15/30 (AMT) 5,200 New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority, New Jersey, Revenue Bonds, Saint 11/21 at 100.00 Ba1 5,215,704 Peters University Hospital, Series 2007, 5.750%, 7/01/37 40,000 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Refunding No Opt. Call Baa1 28,163,200 Series 2006C, 0.000%, 12/15/36 – AMBAC Insured (UB) (6) 1,750 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 12/28 at 100.00 BBB 1,937,810 2019BB, 4.000%, 6/15/50 2,200 Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation, New Jersey, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/28 at 100.00 BB+ 2,532,486 Bonds, Series 2018B, 5.000%, 6/01/46 72,330 Total New Jersey 64,327,089 New Mexico – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) 315 Mariposa East Public Improvement District, New Mexico, Revenue Bonds, Capital 3/22 at 61.03 N/R 162,701 Appreciation Taxable Series 2015D, 0.000%, 3/01/32 50 Mariposa East Public Improvement District, New Mexico, Special Levy Revenue Bonds, 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 51,441 Series 2015A, 5.900%, 9/01/32 200 Mariposa East Public Improvement District, New Mexico, Special Levy Revenue Bonds, 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 205,766 Series 2015B, 5.900%, 9/01/32 355 Mariposa East Public Improvement District, New Mexico, Special Levy Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 362,143 Series 2015C, 5.900%, 9/01/32 1,210 Mesa Del Sol Public Improvement District 1, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Special Levy 10/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,246,106 Revenue Bonds, Series 2013, 7.250%, 10/01/43 1,020 Volterra Public Improvement District, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Special Levy Revenue 10/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,059,107 Bonds, Series 2014, 6.750%, 10/01/33 1,500 Winrock Town Center Tax Increment Development District 1, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Gross 11/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,532,460 Receipts Tax Increment Bonds, Subordinate Lien Series 2020, 8.000%, 5/01/40, 144A 1,452 Winrock Town Center Tax Increment Development District, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Gross 11/21 at 102.00 N/R 1,474,157 Receipts Tax Increment Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2015, 6.000%, 5/01/40, 144A 6,102 Total New Mexico 6,093,881 New York – 9.8% (6.5% of Total Investments) 610 Build New York City Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, New World Preparatory 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 660,093 Charter School Project, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 6/15/41 2,405 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Albert Einstein College of 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,700,575 Medicine, Inc, Series 2015, 5.500%, 9/01/45, 144A Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Family Life Academy Charter School, Series 2020A-1: 5,000 5.250%, 6/01/40, 144A 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 5,112,100 2,000 5.500%, 6/01/55, 144A 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,042,880 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Family Life Academy Charter School, Series 2020C-1: 1,000 5.000%, 6/01/40, 144A 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,060,620 2,000 5.000%, 6/01/55, 144A 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,081,360 120 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New York (continued) $ 1,000 Build NYC Resource Corporation, Revenue Bonds, Shefa School, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 6/31 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,181,580 6/15/51, 144A 10,000 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, Montefiore Obligated Group, 3/30 at 100.00 AA 10,327,000 Series 2020A, 3.000%, 9/01/50 – AGM Insured (UB) (6) 200 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, Orange Regional Medical 6/27 at 100.00 BBB– 237,170 Center Obligated Group, Series 2017, 5.000%, 12/01/36, 144A 1,000 Hempstead Town Local Development Corporation, New York, Education Revenue Bonds, The 2/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,119,890 Academy Charter School Project, Series 2020A, 5.730%, 2/01/50 Hempstead Town Local Development Corporation, New York, Education Revenue Bonds, The Academy Charter School Project, Series 2021A: 2,360 4.050%, 2/01/31 2/30 at 100.00 A2 2,378,314 1,000 4.600%, 2/01/51 2/30 at 100.00 A2 1,004,700 1,000 Madison County Capital Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Cazenovia College 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,002,720 Project, Series 2019A, 5.500%, 9/01/22 1,000 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Green 11/30 at 100.00 A3 1,211,540 Climate Bond Certified Series 2020D-1, 5.000%, 11/15/43 (UB) (6) 1,000 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Green 11/30 at 100.00 A3 1,108,450 Climate Bond Certified Series 2020D-3, 4.000%, 11/15/49 (UB) (6) 10,000 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Series 11/26 at 100.00 A3 11,510,200 2016C-1, 5.000%, 11/15/56 (UB) (6) 5,000 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Series 5/31 at 100.00 A3 5,619,500 2021A-2, 4.000%, 11/15/43 (UB) 14,260 New York City Housing Development Corporation, New York, Multifamily Housing Revenue 9/26 at 100.00 AA+ 15,400,943 Bonds, Sustainable Neighborhood Series 2018K, 4.125%, 11/01/53 (UB) (6) New York City Industrial Development Agency, New York, Civic Facility Revenue Bonds, Bronx Parking Development Company, LLC Project, Series 2007: 1,500 0.000%, 10/01/37 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,200,000 5,000 0.000%, 10/01/46 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 4,000,000 245 New York City Industrial Development Agency, New York, Civic Facility Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 237,581 Special Needs Facilities Pooled Program, Series 2008A-1, 5.800%, 7/01/23 7,075 New York City, New York, General Obligation Bonds, Fiscal 2017 Series A-1, 5.000%, 8/26 at 100.00 AA 8,378,993 8/01/38 (UB) (6) 2,000 New York Counties Tobacco Trust IV, Tobacco Settlement Pass-Through Bonds, Turbo Term 11/21 at 100.00 B– 2,021,940 Series 2005A, 5.000%, 6/01/42 500 New York Liberty Development Corporation, Liberty Revenue Bonds, Secured by Port Authority 12/21 at 100.00 Aa3 510,520 Consolidated Bonds, Tender Option Bonds Trust 2016-XG0062, 18.115%, 12/15/41, 144A (IF) 1,000 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 3 World Trade 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,091,020 Center Project, Class 1 Series 2014, 5.000%, 11/15/44, 144A 3,250 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 3 World Trade 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 3,611,010 Center Project, Class 2 Series 2014, 5.150%, 11/15/34, 144A 6,000 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 3 World Trade 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 6,633,480 Center Project, Class 3 Series 2014, 7.250%, 11/15/44, 144A 3,125 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 4 World Trade 11/31 at 100.00 A 3,189,812 Center Project, Refunding Green Series 2021A, 3.000%, 11/15/51 (UB) 4,985 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facilities Bonds, 7/24 at 100.00 AA 5,551,944 LaGuardia Airport Terminal B Redevelopment Project, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 7/01/46 – AGM Insured (AMT) (UB) (6) 10,000 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue 11/21 at 100.00 B– 10,019,500 Bonds, American Airlines, Inc. John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Refunding Series 2016, 5.000%, 8/01/31 (AMT) 3,070 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue 8/30 at 100.00 B– 3,833,325 Bonds, American Airlines, Inc. John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Series 2020, 5.375%, 8/01/36 (AMT) 121 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New York (continued) $ 1,000 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue No Opt. Call B $ 1,068,910 Bonds, American Airlines, Inc. John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Series 2021, 3.000%, 8/01/31 (AMT) 3,265 Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Consolidated Revenue Bonds, Two Hundred 4/27 at 100.00 Aa3 3,851,394 Series 2017, 5.000%, 4/15/57 (UB) (6) 605 Suffolk County Industrial Development Agency, New York, Revenue Bonds, Nissequogue 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 610,372 Cogeneration Partners Facility, Series 1998, 5.500%, 1/01/23 (AMT) 855 Suffolk Tobacco Asset Securitization Corporation, New York, Tobacco Settlement 6/31 at 27.72 N/R 140,015 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2021B-2, 0.000%, 6/01/66 5,000 Westchester County Local Development Corp, 4.500%, 7/01/56, 144A 7/27 at 104.00 N/R 4,922,050 (WI/DD, Settling 11/10/21) 9,975 Westchester County Local Development Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Westchester 11/25 at 100.00 Baa2 11,372,996 Medical Center Obligated Group Project, Refunding Series 2016, 5.000%, 11/01/46 (UB) (6) 250 Western Regional Off-Track Betting Corporation, New York, Tax Exempt Revenue Bonds, 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 245,133 Additional Secured General Obligation Series 2021, 4.125%, 12/01/41, 144A 129,535 Total New York 138,249,630 North Dakota – 0.4% (0.2% of Total Investments) 4,000 University of North Dakota, Certificates of Participation, Housing Infrastructure 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 4,072,240 Project, Series 2021A, 3.000%, 6/01/61 – AGM Insured (UB) 2,000 Williston, North Dakota, Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, Eagle Crest Apartments LLC 9/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,120,000 Project, Series 2013, 7.750%, 9/01/38 (4) 6,000 Total North Dakota 5,192,240 Ohio – 7.2% (4.8% of Total Investments) 87,120 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 22.36 N/R 13,614,242 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Capital Appreciation Series 2020B-3 Class 2, 0.000%, 6/01/57 34,705 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 39,091,299 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020B-2 Class 2, 5.000%, 6/01/55 5,455 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/22 at 100.00 N/R (7) 5,647,562 Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2007A-3, 6.250%, 6/01/37 (Pre-refunded 6/01/22) 1,500 Butler County Port Authority, Ohio, Public Infrastructure Revenue Bonds, Liberty Center 12/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,512,210 Project, Liberty Community Authority, Series 2014C, 6.000%, 12/01/43 250 Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority, Ohio, Tax Increment Financing Revenue Bonds, 12/29 at 100.00 BB 260,155 Flats East Bank Project, Refunding Senior Series 2021A, 4.000%, 12/01/55, 144A 100 Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority, Ohio, Tax Increment Financing Revenue Bonds, 12/29 at 100.00 N/R 105,255 Flats East Bank Project, Refunding Subordinate Series 2021B, 4.500%, 12/01/55 2,000 Columbus-Franklin County Finance Authority, Ohio, Tax Increment Financing Revenue Bonds, 6/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,181,480 Bridge Park D Block Project, Series 2019A-1, 5.000%, 12/01/51 340 Evans Farm New Community Authority, Ohio, Community Development Charge Revenue Bonds, 6/29 at 100.00 N/R 347,908 Evans Farm Mixed-Use Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 12/01/46 1,000 Jefferson County Port Authority, Ohio, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, JSW Steel 12/31 at 100.00 Ba2 1,011,860 USA Ohio, Inc. Project, Series 2021, 3.500%, 12/01/51 (AMT) 11,160 Montgomery County, Ohio, Hospital Facilities Revenue Bonds, Kettering Health Network 8/26 at 100.00 A+ 12,305,351 Obligated Group, Series 2016, 4.000%, 8/01/47 (UB) (6) 2,800 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Air Quality Development Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 3,500 FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Series 2009A, 5.700%, 8/01/22 3,310 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, AMG 7/29 at 100.00 B– 3,784,455 Vanadium Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 7/01/49 (AMT), 144A 365 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 456 FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2009B, 3.100%, 3/01/23 122 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Ohio (continued) $ 1,300 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R $ 1,291,615 FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2009D, 3.375%, 8/01/29 (Mandatory Put 9/15/21) 4,750 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 5,938 FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2008C, 3.950%, 11/01/32 (4) 1,000 Ohio Higher Educational Facility Commission, Senior Hospital Parking Revenue Bonds, 1/30 at 100.00 A3 1,190,020 University Circle Incorporated 2020 Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 1/15/50 3,085 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 3,856 Generating Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2006A, 3.000%, 5/15/49 (4) 3,000 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear No Opt. Call N/R 3,750 Generating Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2005B, 4.000%, 1/01/34 (4) 255 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear No Opt. Call N/R 319 Generating Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2008B, 3.625%, 10/01/33 1,015 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear No Opt. Call N/R 1,269 Generating Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2008C, 3.950%, 11/01/32 (4) 2,725 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear No Opt. Call N/R 3,406 Generating Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2010A, 3.750%, 7/01/33 (4) 3,000 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 3,046,200 Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2010B, 4.375%, 6/01/33 (Mandatory Put 6/01/22) 1,000 Port of Greater Cincinnati Development Authority, Ohio, Public Improvement TOT Revenue 12/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,007,880 Bonds, Series 2021, 4.250%, 12/01/50, 144A 1,000 Port of Greater Cincinnati Development Authority, Ohio, Special Obligation Tax Increment 11/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,012,610 Financing Revenue Bonds, Cooperative Township Public Parking Project, Gallery at Kenwood, Senior Lien Series 2019A, 5.000%, 11/01/51 8,500 Southern Ohio Port Authority, Ohio, Facility Revenue Bonds, Purecycle Project, Series 12/27 at 103.00 N/R 9,725,105 2020A, 7.000%, 12/01/42 (AMT), 144A 2,000 Southern Ohio Port Authority, Ohio, Facility Revenue Bonds, Purecycle Project, Series 12/24 at 105.00 N/R 2,264,740 2020B, 10.000%, 12/01/25 (AMT), 144A 2,000 Tuscarawas County Economic Development and Finance Alliance, Ohio, Higher Education 3/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,158,400 Facilities Revenue Bonds, Ashland University, Refunding & Improvement Series 2015, 6.000%, 3/01/45 184,735 Total Ohio 101,580,841 Oklahoma – 1.4% (1.0% of Total Investments) 1,000 Tulsa Authority for Economic Opportunity, Tulsa County, Oklahoma, Tax Apportionment 12/31 at 100.00 N/R 949,780 Revenue Bonds, Santa Fe Square Project, Series 2021, 4.375%, 12/01/41, 144A 500 Tulsa Authority for Economic Opportunity, Tulsa County, Oklahoma, Tax Apportionment 12/31 at 100.00 N/R 479,215 Revenue Bonds, Vast Bank Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 12/01/43, 144A 15,000 Tulsa Municipal Airport Trust, Oklahoma, Revenue Bonds, American Airlines Inc., 6/23 at 100.00 N/R 15,932,100 Refunding Series 2000B, 5.500%, 6/01/35 (AMT) 2,600 Tulsa Municipal Airport Trust, Oklahoma, Revenue Bonds, American Airlines Inc., 6/23 at 100.00 N/R 2,761,564 Refunding Series 2001B, 5.500%, 12/01/35 (AMT) 19,100 Total Oklahoma 20,122,659 Oregon – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) Clackamas and Washington Counties School District 3JT, Oregon, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A: 1,750 0.010%, 6/15/49 6/30 at 57.54 Aa1 788,305 2,000 0.000%, 6/15/50 6/30 at 55.67 Aa1 870,120 3,750 Total Oregon 1,658,425 Pennsylvania – 1.9% (1.3% of Total Investments) 980 Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Tax Revenue 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,208,056 Bonds, 615 Waterfront Project, Senior Series 2021, 6.000%, 5/01/42, 144A 123 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Pennsylvania (continued) $ 1,250 Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Tax Revenue 5/28 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,455,613 Bonds, City Center Project, Subordinate Lien, Series 2018, 5.125%, 5/01/32, 144A 2,500 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 3,125 Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Project, Refunding Series 2006A, 3.500%, 4/01/41 (4) 2,715 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 3,394 Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2006B, 3.500%, 12/01/35 (4) 500 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue 4/31 at 100.00 N/R 516,510 Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Project, Series 2008B, 3.750%, 10/01/47 (Mandatory Put 4/01/21) 290 Berks County Municipal Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Alvernia University 10/29 at 100.00 BB+ 320,044 Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 10/01/49 1,000 Dauphin County General Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Harrisburg University of 10/27 at 100.00 BB 1,123,730 Science & Technology Project, Series 2017, 5.125%, 10/15/41, 144A 1,500 Dauphin County General Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Harrisburg University of 10/28 at 100.00 BB 1,844,010 Science & Technology Project, Series 2020, 6.250%, 10/15/53, 144A 1,245 Lehigh County General Purpose Authority, 4.000%, 11/01/51 (UB) 11/31 at 100.00 A– 1,428,052 675 Lehigh County Industrial Development Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Seven 5/30 at 100.00 BB 738,659 Generations Charter School, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 5/01/31 1,720 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,844,408 KDC Agribusiness Fairless Hills LLC Project, Series 2020A-1, 10.000%, 12/01/40, 144A 1,720 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,844,408 KDC Agribusiness Fairless Hills LLC Project, Series 2020A-2, 10.000%, 12/01/40 (AMT), 144A 3,000 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 2,987,010 KDC Agribusiness Fairless Hills LLC Project, Series 2021A, 10.000%, 12/01/31 5 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 6 Shippingport Project, First Energy Guarantor., Series 2006A, 2.550%, 11/01/41 (4) 6,650 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue 9/25 at 100.00 Caa1 5,088,912 Refunding Bonds, PPL Energy Supply, LLC Project, Series 2009A, 6.400%, 12/01/38 1,000 Philadelphia Authority for Industrial Development, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Mariana 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,065,830 Bracetti Academy Project, Series 2020A, 5.375%, 6/15/50, 144A Philadelphia Authority for Industrial Development, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Mariana Bracetti Academy Project, Taxable Series 2020B: 995 6.875%, 12/15/35, 144A 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,056,212 1,000 7.125%, 12/15/44, 144A 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,057,700 2,500 Philadelphia Authority for Industrial Development, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Nueva 1/23 at 100.00 N/R (7) 2,718,725 Esperanza, Inc. – Esperanza Academy Charter School, Series 2013, 8.000%, 1/01/33 (Pre-refunded 1/01/23) 510 Philadelphia Hospitals and Higher Education Facilities Authority, Pennsylvania, Hospital 7/22 at 100.00 BBB– 524,887 Revenue Bonds, Temple University Health System Obligated Group, Series 2012A, 5.625%, 7/01/36 180 The Redevelopment Authority of the City of Scranton, Lackawanna county, Pennsylvania, 5/24 at 100.00 BB+ 183,861 Guaranteed Lease Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 11/15/28 31,935 Total Pennsylvania 27,013,152 Puerto Rico – 10.2% (6.8% of Total Investments) Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2012A: 4,870 5.125%, 7/01/37 7/22 at 100.00 CCC 5,023,405 1,000 5.250%, 7/01/42 7/22 at 100.00 CCC 1,032,330 2,000 6.000%, 7/01/47 7/22 at 100.00 CCC 2,074,180 8,625 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Federally Taxable Build 11/21 at 100.00 D 8,377,031 America Bonds, Series 2010YY, 4.050%, 7/01/40 (4) Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2012A: 4,835 3.957%, 7/01/42 (4) 7/22 at 100.00 D 4,738,300 185 3.961%, 7/01/42 (4) 7/22 at 100.00 D 181,300 124 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Puerto Rico (continued) $ 2,000 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2003NN, 3.999%, No Opt. Call N/R $ 1,962,500 7/01/22 (4) 1,025 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2007TT, 3.957%, 11/21 at 100.00 D 1,004,500 7/01/37 (4) Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2010AAA: 5,690 3.978%, 7/01/22 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 D 5,597,537 1,186 3.978%, 7/01/28 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 D 1,166,728 890 3.978%, 7/01/29 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 D 875,538 658 3.978%, 7/01/31 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 D 647,308 405 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2010CCC, 3.957%, 11/21 at 100.00 D 396,900 7/01/28 (4) 1,350 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2010XX, 5.250%, 11/21 at 100.00 D 1,328,062 7/01/40 (4) Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2010ZZ: 4,000 3.978%, 7/01/22 (4) 6/21 at 100.00 N/R 3,930,000 3,000 3.978%, 7/01/25 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 D 2,951,250 1,000 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2013A, 4.102%, 7/01/36 (4) 7/23 at 100.00 D 1,006,250 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series WW: 360 3.988%, 7/01/22 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 D 354,600 710 3.988%, 7/01/23 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 D 699,350 375 3.978%, 7/01/33 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 D 368,906 5,500 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Taxable Build America Bond 11/21 at 100.00 D 5,286,875 Series 2010EE, 4.044%, 7/01/32 (4) 5,000 Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation Authority, Highway Revenue Bonds, Series 2005L, No Opt. Call AAA 5,175,000 5.250%, 7/01/38 – AMBAC Insured 5,000 Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority, Guaranteed Government Facilities Revenue Bonds, 7/22 at 100.00 N/R 4,987,500 Series 2012U, 1.630%, 7/01/42 (4) Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Restructured 2018A-1: 108,137 0.010%, 7/01/46 7/28 at 41.38 N/R 35,251,581 101,600 0.000%, 7/01/51 7/28 at 30.01 N/R 24,055,832 1,000 4.750%, 7/01/53 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,117,020 5,000 5.000%, 7/01/58 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 5,657,200 1,050 Puerto Rico, General Obligation Bonds, Public Improvement Series 2001, 2.140%, 7/01/31 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,036,875 6,600 Puerto Rico, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2005A, 2.140%, 7/01/29 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 6,517,500 12,500 Puerto Rico, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2014A, 1.990%, 7/01/35 (4) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 11,031,250 295,551 Total Puerto Rico 143,832,608 Rhode Island – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 18,260 Rhode Island Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 11/21 at 16.44 CCC– 3,049,785 Bonds, Series 2007A, 0.010%, 6/01/52 South Carolina – 2.3% (1.5% of Total Investments) 640 Hardeeville, South Carolina, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, East Argent Improvement 5/29 at 100.00 N/R 620,243 District, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52, 144A 4,000 Lancaster County, South Carolina, Special Assessment Bonds, Edgewater II Improvement 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 840,000 District, Series 2007A, 7.750%, 11/01/39 (4) 3,477 Lancaster County, South Carolina, Special Assessment Bonds, Edgewater II Improvement No Opt. Call N/R 730,170 District, Series 2007B, 7.700%, 11/01/21 (4) 5,000 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, 8/26 at 100.00 N/R (7) 5,974,400 Custodial Receipts CR-086, 5.000%, 8/15/36 (Pre-refunded 8/15/26), 144A 400 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, 1/30 at 100.00 N/R 416,008 Hilton Head Christian Academy, Series 2020, 5.000%, 1/01/55, 144A 125 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value South Carolina (continued) $ 970 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, 11/26 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,133,445 Midland Valley Preparatory School Project, Series 2014, 7.750%, 11/15/45, 144A 1,000 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue 11/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,013,740 Bonds, Hoese Creek Academy Project, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 11/15/55, 144A 4,215 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue 12/29 at 100.00 Baa3 4,700,315 Bonds, Lowcountry Leadership Charter School Project, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49, 144A 750 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Retirement Community Revenue Notes, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 760,065 Kiawah Life Plan Village, Inc. Project, Series 2021A, 8.750%, 7/01/25 3,000 South Carolina Public Service Authority Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Refunding 12/26 at 100.00 A 3,541,740 Series 2016B, 5.000%, 12/01/46 (UB) (6) 11,615 South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee Cooper Revenue Obligations, Series 6/24 at 100.00 A 12,851,882 2014A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 (UB) (6) 35,067 Total South Carolina 32,582,008 South Dakota – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 1,125 Lincoln County, South Dakota, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, The Augustana College 8/31 at 100.00 BBB– 1,222,211 Association Project, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 8/01/56 Tennessee – 2.1% (1.4% of Total Investments) 1,000 Memphis/Shelby County Economic Development Growth Engine Industrial Development Board, 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 940,610 Tennessee, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Graceland Project, Senior Series 2017A, 5.625%, 1/01/46 Metropolitan Government of Nashville-Davidson County Health and Educational Facilities Board, Tennessee, Revenue Bonds, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Series 2016A: 11,095 5.000%, 7/01/40 (UB) 7/26 at 100.00 A3 13,041,950 5,240 5.000%, 7/01/46 (UB) (6) 7/26 at 100.00 A3 6,118,696 5,000 The Health and Educational Facilities Board of the City of Franklin, Tennessee, Revenue 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,500,000 Bonds, Provision Cares Proton Therapy Center, Nashville Project, Series 2017A, 7.500%, 6/01/47, 144A (4) 6,024 The Tennessee Energy Acquisition Corporation, Gas Revenue Bonds, Series 2006B, No Opt. Call BBB 7,263,558 5.625%, 9/01/26 915 Wilson County Health and Educational Facilities Board, Tennessee, Senior Living Revenue 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 816,583 Bonds, Rutland Place Inc. Project, Series 2015A, 5.500%, 1/01/46 29,274 Total Tennessee 29,681,397 Texas – 5.9% (3.9% of Total Investments) 1,000 Abilene Convention Center Hotel Development Corporation, Texas, Hotel Revenue Bonds, 10/31 at 100.00 BBB– 1,085,070 First-Lien Series 2021A, 4.000%, 10/01/50 2,000 Abilene Convention Center Hotel Development Corporation, Texas, Hotel Revenue Bonds, 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,100,200 Second-Lien Series 2021B, 5.000%, 10/01/50, 144A 1,000 Anna, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Sherley Tract Public Improvement District 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 964,030 2 Area 1 Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 9/15/41, 144A 1,000 Arlington Higher Education Finance Corp, 4.500%, 2/15/56 (WI/DD, Settling 11/18/21) 2/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,001,650 1,000 Arlington Higher Education Finance Corporation, Texas, Education Revenue Bonds, Brooks 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,043,030 Academies, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 6/15/51 1,000 Baytown Municipal Development District, Texas, Hotel Revenue Bonds, Baytown Convention 10/31 at 100.00 BBB– 1,072,640 Center Hotel, First-Lien Series 2021A, 4.000%, 10/01/50 500 Celina, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Celina Sutton Fields II Public 9/29 at 100.00 N/R 527,600 Improvement District Neighborhood Improvement Areas 2-3 Project, Series 2019, 4.250%, 9/01/49, 144A 995 Celina, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Creeks of Legacy Public Improvement 9/22 at 103.00 N/R 1,038,462 District Phase 1 Project, Series 2014, 7.000%, 9/01/40 300 City of Bee Cave TX, 5.250%, 9/01/51, 144A (WI/DD, Settling 11/23/21) 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 301,053 1,765 Comal County Meyer Ranch Municipal Utility District, Texas, General Obligation Bonds, 8/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,677,297 Road Series 2021, 3.000%, 8/15/51 126 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) $ 675 Conroe Local Government Corporation, Texas, Hotel Revenue and Contract Revenue Bonds, 10/31 at 100.00 A2 $ 756,392 Subordinate Third Lien Series 2021C, 4.000%, 10/01/50 1,000 Crandall, Kaufman County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Crandall Carwright Ranch 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,011,880 Public Improvement District Improvement Area 1 Project, Series 2021, 4.500%, 9/15/51, 144A 4,165 Dallas Area Rapid Transit, Texas, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2016A, 12/25 at 100.00 AA+ 4,817,905 5.000%, 12/01/48 (UB) (6) Decatur Hospital Authority, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Wise Regional Health System, Series 2013A: 340 6.625%, 9/01/31 9/23 at 100.00 N/R 371,127 1,000 6.375%, 9/01/42 9/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,088,310 165 Fate, Rockwall County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Williamsburg Public 8/27 at 100.00 N/R 175,243 Improvement District 1 Phase 2B, 2C & 3A1, Series 2019, 4.250%, 8/15/49, 144A 1,500 Fort Bend County Industrial Development Corporation, Texas, Revenue Bonds, NRG Energy 11/22 at 100.00 Baa2 1,554,165 Inc. Project, Series 2012A. RMKT, 4.750%, 5/01/38 1,000 Gulf Coast Industrial Development Authority, Texas, Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 B3 1,001,300 Citgo Petroleum Corporation Project, Series 1998, 8.000%, 4/01/28 (AMT) 1,450 Harris County Municipal Utility District 213A, Texas, General Obligation Bonds, Series 4/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,401,686 2021, 3.000%, 4/01/48 125 Haslett, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Haslet Public Improvement District 5 9/29 at 100.00 N/R 134,329 Improvement Area 1 Project, Series 2019, 4.375%, 9/01/49, 144A 775 Heart of Texas Education Finance Corporation, Texas, Gateway Charter Academy, Series 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 776,124 2006A, 6.000%, 2/15/36 1,000 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, Continental Airlines 11/21 at 100.00 Ba3 1,005,500 Inc. – Terminal Improvement Project, Refunding Series 2011, 6.625%, 7/15/38 (AMT) 1,020 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, Inc. 7/29 at 100.00 B– 1,079,548 Terminal E Project, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 7/01/41 (AMT) 3,000 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, Inc. 7/29 at 100.00 B– 3,175,920 Terminal E Project, Series 2021B-1, 4.000%, 7/15/41 (AMT) 500 Hutto, Williams County Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Durango Farms Public 9/29 at 100.00 N/R 497,180 Improvement Project Series 2021, 4.000%, 9/01/56, 144A (WI/DD, Settling 11/18/21) 500 Hutto, Williams County Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Emory Crossing, Public 9/29 at 100.00 N/R 500,645 Improvement Area 1 Project Series 2021, 4.000%, 9/01/56, 144A 2,985 Jefferson County Industrial Development Corporation, Texas, Hurricane Ike Disaster Area 7/22 at 100.00 N/R (7) 3,140,130 Revenue Bonds, Port of Beaumont Petroleum Transload Terminal, LLC Project, Series 2012, 8.250%, 7/01/32 (Pre-refunded 7/01/22) 1,000 Justin, Denton County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Timberbrook Public 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,012,130 Improvement District 1 Improvement Area 2 Project, Series 2018, 4.000%, 9/01/51, 144A 1,000 Kaufman County Fresh Water Supply District 1-D, Texas, General Obligation Road Bonds, 9/26 at 100.00 N/R 953,680 Series 2021, 3.000%, 9/01/46 500 Kaufman,Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Kaufman Public Improvement District 1 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 501,600 Phase 1A-1B Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 9/15/50, 144A 4,000 Legato Community Authority, Commerce City, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported Revenue 6/26 at 100.67 N/R 3,324,240 Bonds, District 1, 2, 3 & 7, Convertible Capital Appreciation Series 2021A-2, 5.000%, 12/01/51 1,000 Legato Community Authority, Commerce City, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported Revenue 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 986,580 Bonds, District 1, 2, 3 & 7, Series 2021B, 8.250%, 12/15/51 1,435 Manor, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Manor Heights Public Improvement 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,447,771 District Improvement Area 1-2 Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 9/15/51, 144A Manor, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Manor Heights Public Improvement District Major Improvement Area Project, Series 2021: 900 4.125%, 9/15/41, 144A 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 885,555 1,500 4.375%, 9/15/51, 144A 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,463,265 1,170 McLendon-Chisholm, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Sonoma Public Improvement 9/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,277,804 District Improvement Area 2 Project, Series 2019, 4.250%, 9/15/39, 144A 127 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) Mesquite, Texas, Special Assessment Bonds, Iron Horse Public Improvement District Project, Series 2019: $ 300 5.750%, 9/15/39, 144A 9/29 at 100.00 N/R $ 331,080 500 6.000%, 9/15/49, 144A 9/29 at 100.00 N/R 549,905 1,965 Mission Economic Development Corporation, Texas, Water Supply Revenue Bonds, Enviro 1/26 at 102.00 N/R 50,442 Water Minerals Project, Green Bonds, Series 2015, 7.750%, 1/01/45 (AMT), 144A (4), (8) 1,125 Missouri City Management District 1, Fort Bend County, Texas, General Obligation Bonds, 9/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,087,785 Road Series 2021, 3.000%, 9/01/46 6,000 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Senior Living Revenue 1/28 at 103.00 N/R 5,826,960 Bonds, Sanctuary LTC LLC Project, Series 2021A-1, 5.500%, 1/01/57 1,000 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/24 at 100.00 N/R (7) 1,108,860 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Corpus Christi I, L.L.C.-Texas A&M University- Corpus Christi Project, Series, 5.000%, 4/01/44 (Pre-refunded 4/01/24) 1,000 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/26 at 100.00 N/R (7) 1,183,280 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Foundation – San Antonio 1, L.L.C. – Texas A&M University – San Antonio Project,, 5.000%, 4/01/48 (Pre-refunded 4/01/26) 1,000 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing Revenue 4/24 at 100.00 N/R (7) 1,105,040 Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Galveston-Texas A&M University at Galveston Project, Series 2014A, 5.000%, 4/01/44 (Pre-refunded 4/01/24) New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing Revenue Bonds, NCCD – College Station Properties LLC – Texas A&M University Project, Series 2015A: 1,250 5.000%, 7/01/35 7/25 at 100.00 CCC 1,075,000 2,445 5.000%, 7/01/47 7/25 at 100.00 Caa1 2,102,700 250 Newark Higher Education Finance Corporation, Texas, Education Revenue Bonds, TLC 8/28 at 100.00 BB 261,015 Academy, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 8/15/56 500 North Parkway Municipal Management District 1, Celina, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 537,880 Bonds, Major Improvements Project, Series 2021, 5.000%, 9/15/51, 144A 1,070 Oak Point, Denton County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Oak Point Public 9/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,097,189 Improvement District 2 Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 9/01/50, 144A 2,000 Plano, Collin and Denton Counties, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Collin Creek 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,004,680 East Public Improvement District Project, Series 2021, 4.375%, 9/15/51, 144A 1,000 Plano, Collin and Denton Counties, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Collin Creek 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,024,580 West Public Improvement District Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 9/15/51, 144A 440 Port Beaumont Navigation District, Jefferson County, Texas, Dock and Wharf Facility 1/22 at 103.00 N/R 453,169 Revenue Bonds, Jefferson Gulf Coast Energy Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 1/01/50 (AMT), 144A 4,000 Port Beaumont Navigation District, Jefferson County, Texas, Dock and Wharf Facility 7/23 at 103.00 N/R 3,802,080 Revenue Bonds, Jefferson Gulf Coast Energy Project, Series 2021A, 3.000%, 1/01/50 (AMT), 144A Port Freeport, Brazoria County, Texas, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2021: 1,500 4.000%, 6/01/46 (AMT) 6/31 at 100.00 A+ 1,694,175 1,500 4.000%, 6/01/51 (AMT) 6/31 at 100.00 A+ 1,686,270 205 Princeton, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Whitewing Trails Public Improvement 9/29 at 100.00 N/R 220,227 District 2 Phase 1 Project, Series 2019, 4.750%, 9/01/49, 144A 185 Princeton, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Whitewing Trails Public Improvement 9/29 at 100.00 N/R 206,782 District 2 Phase 2-6 Major Improvement Project, Series 2019, 5.500%, 9/01/39, 144A 2,000 Red River Health Facilities Development Corporation, Texas, First Mortgage Revenue 12/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,400,000 Bonds, Eden Home Inc., Series 2012, 4.293%, 12/15/32 (4) 160 Rowlett, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Bayside Public Improvement District 3/24 at 102.00 N/R 166,107 North Improvement Area, Series 2016, 5.750%, 9/15/36 4,295 Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs, Single Family Mortgage Revenue Bonds, 9/27 at 100.00 Aaa 4,631,900 Series 2018A, 4.250%, 9/01/48 (UB) (6) 755 Texas Public Finance Authority Charter School Finance Corporation, Charter School 11/21 at 100.00 B– 755,196 Revenue Bonds, School of Excellence Education Project, Series 2004A, 7.000%, 12/01/34 128 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) $ 2,019 Texas State Affordable Housing Corporation Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, Peoples El 1/34 at 100.00 N/R $ 2,189,972 Shaddai Village and St. James Manor Apartments Project, Series 2016, 4.850%, 12/01/56, 144A 1,653 Viridian Municipal Management District, Texas, Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2017, 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,737,072 4.250%, 12/01/44 84,382 Total Texas 83,440,387 Utah – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) Black Desert Public Infrastructure District, Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2021A: 500 3.750%, 3/01/41, 144A 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 507,435 2,000 4.000%, 3/01/51, 144A 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 2,031,960 1,000 Black Desert Public Infrastructure District, Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 985,900 Subordinate Series 2021B, 7.375%, 9/15/51, 144A 500 ROAM Public Infrastructure District 1, Utah, Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 488,325 Series 2021A, 4.250%, 3/01/51, 144A 1,000 Utah Charter School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Paradigm High 1/25 at 102.00 N/R 1,028,910 School Project, Series 2020A, 5.125%, 7/15/51, 144A 1,000 Utah Charter School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Providence Hall 10/31 at 100.00 Aa2 1,151,230 Projects, Refunding Series 2021A, 4.000%, 10/15/51 6,000 Total Utah 6,193,760 Vermont – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 3,400 Vermont Educational and Health Buildings Financing Agency, Revenue Bonds, University of 6/26 at 100.00 A+ 3,936,112 Vermont Medical Center Project, Green Series 2016B, 5.000%, 12/01/46 (UB) (6) Virgin Islands – 0.7% (0.5% of Total Investments) Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority, Gross Receipts Taxes Loan Note, Refunding Series 2014C: 1,000 5.000%, 10/01/30 10/24 at 100.00 N/R 996,400 5,000 5.000%, 10/01/39 10/24 at 100.00 N/R 4,876,700 1,000 Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority, Matching Fund Revenue Loan Note – Diageo 11/21 at 100.00 Caa3 1,008,140 Project, Series 2009A, 6.750%, 10/01/37 3,270 Virgin Islands Water and Power Authority, Electric System Revenue Bonds, Bond No Opt. Call N/R 3,284,164 Anticipation Notes, Series 2020A, 7.500%, 7/01/22, 144A 10,270 Total Virgin Islands 10,165,404 Virginia – 2.3% (1.5% of Total Investments) 762 Celebrate Virginia North Community Development Authority, Special Assessment Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 457,200 Bonds, Series 2003B, 4.125%, 3/01/22 (4) 3,000 Farms of New Kent Community Development Authority, Virginia, Special Assessment Bonds, 3/31 at 100.00 N/R 3,201,990 Refunding Series 2021A, 3.750%, 3/01/36, 144A 10,000 Industrial Development Authority of the City of Newport News, Virginia, Health System 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 11,435,100 Revenue Bonds, Riverside Health System, Series 2017A, 5.000%, 7/01/46, 144A 1,000 Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation of Virginia, Tobacco Settlement Asset Backed 11/21 at 100.00 B– 1,005,560 Bonds, Series 2007B1, 5.000%, 6/01/47 7,000 Virginia Small Business Finance Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, 7/34 at 100.00 N/R 7,536,340 Provident Resource Group – Rixey Student Housing Project, Series 2019A, 5.500%, 7/01/54, 144A 7,535 Virginia Small Business Finance Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 8,016,470 Provident Resource Group – Rixey Student Housing Project, Series 2019B, 6.525%, 7/01/52, 144A (cash 7.500%, PIK 7.500%) Virginia Small Business Financing Authority, Senior Lien Revenue Bonds, Elizabeth River Crossing, Opco LLC Project, Series 2012: 80 6.000%, 1/01/37 (AMT) 7/22 at 100.00 BBB– 82,830 130 5.500%, 1/01/42 (AMT) 7/22 at 100.00 BBB– 134,035 29,507 Total Virginia 31,869,525 129 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Washington – 2.1% (1.4% of Total Investments) $ 1,000 King County Public Hospital District 4, Washington, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Snoqualmie 12/25 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,104,630 Valley Hospital, Series 2015A, 6.250%, 12/01/45 1,000 Kitsap County Consolidated Housing Authority, Washington, Pooled Tax Credit Housing 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,001,110 Revenue Bonds, Series 2007, 5.600%, 6/01/37 (AMT) 1,300 Port of Seattle Industrial Development Corporation, Washington, Special Facilities 4/23 at 100.00 BB 1,372,514 Revenue Refunding Bonds, Delta Air Lines, Inc. Project, Series 2012, 5.000%, 4/01/30 (AMT) 2,500 Seattle Housing Authority, Washington, Revenue Bonds, Lam Bow Apartments Project, Series 6/31 at 100.00 AA 2,370,250 2021, 2.500%, 6/01/54 195 Tacoma Consolidated Local Improvement District 65, Washington, Special Assessment Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 195,796 Series 2013, 5.750%, 4/01/43 3,065 Washington Economic Development Finance Authority, Environmental Facilities Revenue 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 2,298,750 Bonds, Columbia Pulp I, LLC Project, Series 2017A, 7.500%, 1/01/32 (AMT), 144A (4) 545 Washington Economic Development Finance Authority, Environmental Facilities Revenue 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 408,750 Bonds, Columbia Pulp I, LLC Project, Series 2018, 7.250%, 1/01/32 (AMT), 144A (4) 1,565 Washington Economic Development Finance Authority, Environmental Facilities Revenue 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,173,750 Bonds, Columbia Pulp I, LLC Project, Series 2019A, 7.500%, 1/01/32 (AMT), 144A (4) 1,000 Washington Economic Development Finance Authority, Environmental Facilities Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 789,710 Bonds, Columbia Pulp I, LLC Project, Senior Series 2021A, 12.000%, 1/01/33 (AMT), 144A (4) 255 Washington Economic Development Finance Authority, Environmental Facilities Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 192,525 Bonds, Columbia Pulp I, LLC Project, Taxable Senior Series 2021B, 14.250%, 1/01/27, 144A (4) 7,330 Washington Health Care Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Virginia Mason Medical 8/27 at 100.00 BBB– 7,932,526 Center, Series 2017, 4.000%, 8/15/42 (UB) 8,525 Washington State Higher Education Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds, Gonzaga University 10/29 at 100.00 A+ 8,835,054 Project, Series 2019A, 3.000%, 4/01/49 (UB) (6) 1,000 Washington State Housing Finance Commission, Non-Profit Housing Revenue Bonds, Mirabella 10/22 at 100.00 N/R (7) 1,057,180 Project, Series 2012A, 6.750%, 10/01/47 (Pre-refunded 10/03/22), 144A 29,280 Total Washington 28,732,545 West Virginia – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) 1,335 Berkeley, Hardy and Jefferson Counties, West Virginia, as Joint Issuers, Commercial 12/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,358,122 Development Revenue Bonds, Scattered Site Housing Projects, Series 2010, 5.750%, 12/01/44 1,125 Monongalia County Commission, West Virginia, Special District Excise Tax Revenue Bonds, 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,280,374 University Town Centre Economic Opportunity Development District, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017A, 5.750%, 6/01/43, 144A 1,000 Monongalia County Commission, West Virginia, Special District Excise Tax Revenue Bonds, 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,101,800 University Town Centre Economic Opportunity Development District, Refunding & Improvement Series 2021A, 4.125%, 6/01/43, 144A 1,000 West Virginia Economic Development Authority, Dock and Wharf Facilities Revenue Bonds, 12/27 at 103.00 N/R 1,022,540 Empire Trimodal Terminal, LLC Project, Series 2020, 7.625%, 12/01/40, 144A 1,000 West Virginia Economic Development Authority, Solid Waste Disposal Facilities Revenue 1/25 at 100.00 B 1,052,540 Bonds, Arch Resources Project, Series 2021, 4.125%, 7/01/45 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 7/01/25) 5,460 Total West Virginia 5,815,376 Wisconsin – 6.2% (4.1% of Total Investments) 2,000 Lac Courte Oreilles Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians, Wisconsin, General Revenue 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,049,800 Bonds, Refunding Series 2017, 6.750%, 6/01/32 150 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Founders Academy of 7/28 at 100.00 BB– 164,009 Las Vegas, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/55, 144A 1,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, High Desert 6/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,078,360 Montessori Charter School, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 6/01/51, 144A 4,985 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, North Carolina 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 5,112,716 Charter Educational Foundation Project, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 6/15/46, 144A 500 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Point College 6/27 at 103.00 N/R 524,595 Preparatory, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 6/15/55, 144A 130 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Wisconsin (continued) Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Conference Center and Hotel Revenue Bonds, Lombard Public Facilities Corporation, First Tier Series 2018A-1: $ 13 0.000%, 1/01/47, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R $ 388 11 0.000%, 1/01/48, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 333 11 0.000%, 1/01/49, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 320 10 0.000%, 1/01/50, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 297 10 0.000%, 1/01/51, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 287 13 0.000%, 1/01/52, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 358 13 0.000%, 1/01/53, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 346 13 0.000%, 1/01/54, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 325 12 0.000%, 1/01/55, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 311 12 0.000%, 1/01/56, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 299 632 0.000%, 7/01/56, 144A (4) 3/28 at 100.00 N/R 477,142 14 0.000%, 1/01/57, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 322 13 0.000%, 1/01/58, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 306 13 0.000%, 1/01/59, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 292 13 0.000%, 1/01/60, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 277 12 0.000%, 1/01/61, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 265 12 0.000%, 1/01/62, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 251 12 0.000%, 1/01/63, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 240 12 0.000%, 1/01/64, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 231 11 0.000%, 1/01/65, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 219 12 0.000%, 1/01/66, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 225 148 0.000%, 1/01/67, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 2,521 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Conference Center and Hotel Revenue Bonds, Lombard Public Facilities Corporation, Second Tier Series 2018B: 24 0.000%, 1/01/46, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 774 24 0.000%, 1/01/47, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 732 24 0.000%, 1/01/48, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 714 23 0.000%, 1/01/49, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 692 23 0.000%, 1/01/50, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 655 25 0.000%, 1/01/51, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 704 652 0.000%, 7/01/51, 144A (4) 3/28 at 100.00 N/R 434,237 25 0.000%, 1/01/52, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 671 25 0.000%, 1/01/53, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 649 25 0.000%, 1/01/54, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 626 24 0.000%, 1/01/55, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 603 24 0.000%, 1/01/56, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 584 24 0.000%, 1/01/57, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 564 23 0.000%, 1/01/58, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 542 23 0.000%, 1/01/59, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 528 23 0.000%, 1/01/60, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 507 23 0.000%, 1/01/61, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 485 23 0.000%, 1/01/62, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 470 22 0.000%, 1/01/63, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 453 22 0.000%, 1/01/64, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 441 22 0.000%, 1/01/65, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 423 22 0.000%, 1/01/66, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 396 281 0.000%, 1/01/67, 144A (4) No Opt. Call N/R 4,799 4,700 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Contract Revenue Bonds, Mercer Crossing Public 3/27 at 100.00 N/R 5,340,328 Improvement District Project, Series 2017, 7.000%, 3/01/47, 144A 1,500 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Education Revenue Bonds, Pioneer Springs 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,576,530 Community School, Series 2020A, 6.250%, 6/15/40, 144A 1,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Education Revenue Bonds, The Capitol Encore 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,035,650 Academy, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 6/01/56, 144A 2,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Lake Erie 10/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,093,160 College, Series 2019A, 5.875%, 10/01/54, 144A 830 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Educational Facility Revenue Bonds, Cottonwood 12/22 at 100.00 N/R (7) 883,070 Classical Preparatory School in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Series 2012A, 6.250%, 12/01/42 (Pre-refunded 12/01/22) 131 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Wisconsin (continued) $ 1,550 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Educational Facility Revenue Bonds, LEAD Academy 8/28 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,599,104 Project, Series 2021, 5.000%, 8/01/51, 144A 335 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, National Gypsum 8/26 at 100.00 N/R 340,638 Company Project, Refunding Series 2016, 4.000%, 8/01/35 (AMT) 1,275 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Carson Valley Medical 12/31 at 100.00 BB+ 1,466,467 Center, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 12/01/41 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Limited Obligation Grant Revenue Bonds, American Dream @ Meadowlands Project, Series 2017A: 1,665 6.250%, 8/01/27, 144A No Opt. Call N/R 1,778,819 1,000 6.750%, 8/01/31, 144A No Opt. Call N/R 1,064,490 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Limited Obligation PILOT Revenue Bonds, American Dream @ Meadowlands Project, Series 2017: 2,000 6.750%, 12/01/42, 144A 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,180,360 17,335 7.000%, 12/01/50, 144A 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 19,027,936 400 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Retirement Facility Revenue Bonds, Shalom Park No Opt. Call N/R 279,388 Development Project, Series 2019, 0.000%, 12/31/24, 144A 3,500 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Alabama Gulf Coast Zoo, Series 9/28 at 100.00 N/R 3,160,745 2018A, 6.500%, 9/01/48 500 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Alabama Proton Therapy Center, 10/27 at 100.00 N/R 505,175 Senior Series 2017A, 7.000%, 10/01/47, 144A Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Procure Proton Therapy Center, Senior Series 2018A: 2,415 6.950%, 7/01/38, 144A 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 2,329,437 4,585 7.000%, 7/01/48, 144A 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 4,386,011 1,060 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Roseman University of Health 4/25 at 100.00 BB 1,194,493 Sciences, Series 2015, 5.875%, 4/01/45 1,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, SearStone Continuing Care 6/25 at 104.00 N/R 1,105,410 Retirement Community, Series 2020, 6.000%, 6/01/53, 144A 1,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, SearStone Retirement Community of 6/22 at 104.00 N/R 1,054,100 Cary North Carolina, Series 2016, 6.000%, 6/01/49, 144A Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, SearStone Retirement Community, Series 2023A: 1,000 5.000%, 6/01/37 (WI/DD, Settling 3/03/23) 6/28 at 103.00 N/R 1,051,630 4,000 5.000%, 6/01/52 (WI/DD, Settling 3/03/23) 6/28 at 103.00 N/R 4,067,240 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Sky Harbour LLC Obligated Group Aviation Facilities Project, Series 2021: 1,200 4.000%, 7/01/41 (AMT) 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,233,852 2,485 4.250%, 7/01/54 (AMT) 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,560,047 1,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Wonderful Foundations Charter 1/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,098,570 School WFCS Portfolio Projects, Senior Series 2021A-1, 5.000%, 1/01/56, 144A 2,500 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Senior Revenue Bonds, Fargo-Moorhead Metropolitan 9/31 at 100.00 Baa3 2,701,750 Area Flood Risk Management P3 Project, Green Series 2021, 4.000%, 3/31/56 (AMT) Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Senior Revenue Bonds, Maryland Proton Treatment Center, Series 2018A-1: 1,000 6.125%, 1/01/33, 144A 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 820,610 2,000 6.250%, 1/01/38, 144A 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,578,660 3,500 6.375%, 1/01/48, 144A 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 2,664,865 91 Public Finance Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Minnesota College of Osteopathic 12/28 at 100.00 N/R 45,647 Medicine, Senior Series 2019A-1, 0.000%, 12/01/48, 144A (4) 1,000 Saint Croix Chippewa Indians of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Series 2021, 9/28 at 100.00 N/R 966,900 5.000%, 9/30/41, 144A 132 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Wisconsin (continued) Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Ascension Health Alliance Senior Credit Group, Series 2016A: $ 1,400 4.000%, 11/15/46 (Pre-refunded 5/15/26) (UB) (6) 5/26 at 100.00 N/R (7) $ 1,603,910 3,600 4.000%, 11/15/46 (UB) 5/26 at 100.00 AA+ 4,024,440 85,509 Total Wisconsin 86,685,716 $ 2,340,621 Total Municipal Bonds (cost $1,955,327,072) 2,061,918,864 Shares Description (1) Value COMMON STOCKS – 2.9% (1.9% of Total Investments) Airlines – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 227,514 American Airlines Group Inc (9), (10) 4,368,269 Electric Utilities – 2.6% (1.7% of Total Investments) 750,823 Energy Harbor Corp (10), (11), (12) 35,945,651 Total Common Stocks (cost $27,440,408) 40,313,920 Principal Amount (000) Description (1) Coupon Maturity Ratings (3) Value CORPORATE BONDS – 0.8% (0.6% of Total Investments) Consumer Discretionary – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) $ 15,000 Mashantucket Western Pequot Tribe, Corporate High Yield Bond (cash 6.350%, PIK 1.000%) (4) 7.350% 7/01/26 N/R $ 6,600,000 54 Lombard Starwood Westin Hotel Conference Center and Hotel Project Revenue Bonds (cash 7.500%, PIK 7.500%) 7.500% 12/31/23 N/R 53,599 15,054 Total Consumer Discretionary 6,653,599 Materials – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) 5,000 United States Steel Corp 6.650% 6/01/37 B3 5,300,000 Real Estate – 0.0% (0.0% of Total Investments) 300 Zilkha Biomass Selma LLC (4), (8) 5.000% 8/01/28 N/R 128,070 3,170 Zilkha Biomass Selma LLC (4), (8) 10.000% 8/01/38 N/R 32 3,470 Total Real Estate 128,102 $ 23,524 Total Corporate Bonds (cost $11,370,906) 12,081,701 Total Long-Term Investments (cost $1,994,138,386) 2,114,314,485 Floating Rate Obligations – (32.5)% (457,043,000) Adjustable Rate MuniFund Term Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs – (18.3)% (13) (256,570,271) Other Assets Less Liabilities – 0.3% 4,050,448 Net Assets Applicable to Common Shares – 100% $ 1,404,751,662 133 Table of Contents NMZ Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 (1) All percentages shown in the Portfolio of Investments are based on net assets applicable
to common shares unless otherwise noted. (2) Optional Call Provisions: Dates (month and year) and prices of the earliest optional call
or redemption. There may be other call provisions at varying prices at later dates. Certain mortgage-backed securities may be subject
to periodic principal paydowns. Optional Call Provisions are not covered by the report of independent registered public accounting firm. (3) The ratings disclosed are the lowest of Standard & Poor’s Group (“Standard
& Poor’s”), Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) or Fitch, Inc. (“Fitch”)
rating. Ratings below BBB by Standard & Poor’s, Baa by Moody’s or BBB by Fitch are considered to be below investment
grade. Holdings designated N/R are not rated by any of these national rating agencies. Ratings are not covered by the report of independent
registered public accounting firm. (4) Defaulted security. A security whose issuer has failed to fully pay principal and/or interest
when due, or is under the protection of bankruptcy. (5) Step-up coupon bond, a bond with a coupon that increases ("steps up"), usually
at regular intervals, while the bond is outstanding. The rate shown is the coupon as of the end of the reporting period. (6) Investment, or portion of investment, has been pledged to collateralize the net payment obligations
for investments in inverse floating rate transactions. (7) Backed by an escrow or trust containing sufficient U.S. Government or U.S. Government agency
securities, which ensure the timely payment of principal and interest. (8) Investment valued at fair value using methods determined in good faith by, or at the discretion
of, the Board. For fair value measurement disclosure purposes, investment classified as Level 3. (9) On November 28, 2011, AMR Corp. (“AMR”), the parent company of American Airlines
Group, Inc. (“AAL”) filed for federal bankruptcy protection. On December 9, 2013, AMR emerged from federal bankruptcy with
the acceptance of its reorganization plan by the bankruptcy court. Under the settlement agreement established to meet AMR’s unsecured
bond obligations, the bondholders, including the Fund, received a distribution of AAL preferred stock which was converted to AAL common
stock over a 120-day period. Every 30 days, a quarter of the preferred stock was converted to AAL common stock based on the 5-day volume-weighted
average price and the amount of preferred shares tendered during the optional preferred conversion period. (10) Non-income producing; issuer has not declared an ex-dividend date within the past twelve
months. (11) Common Stock received as part of the bankruptcy settlements during February 2020 Beaver County
Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Series
2006A, 3.500%, 4/01/41, Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy
Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2006B, 3.500%, 12/01/35, Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Air Quality Development Revenue
Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Series 2009A, 5.700%, 8/01/20, Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution
Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2009B, 3.100%, 3/01/23, Ohio Air Quality Development
Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2008C, 3.950%, 11/01/32, Ohio
Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2005B,
4.000%, 1/01/34, Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generating Corporation
Project, Series 2006A, 3.000%, 5/15/20, Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear
Generating Corporation Project, Series 2008B, 3.625%, 10/01/33, Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding
Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2008C, 3.950%, 11/01/32, Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution
Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2010A, 3.750%, 7/01/33, Pennsylvania Economic
Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, Shippingport Project, First Energy Guarantor, Series 2006A, 2.550%,
11/01/41. (12) For fair value measurement disclosure purposes, investment classified as Level 2. (13) Adjustable Rate MuniFund Term Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs as a percentage
of Total Investments is 12.1%. 144A Investment is exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. These investments may only be resold in transactions exempt from registration, which are normally those transactions
with qualified institutional buyers. AMT Alternative Minimum Tax. IF Inverse floating rate security issued by a tender option bond (“TOB”) trust,
the interest rate on which varies inversely with the Securities Industry Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) short-term rate, which
resets weekly, or a similar short-term rate, and is reduced by the expenses related to the TOB trust. PIK Payment-in-kind (“PIK”) security. Depending on the terms of the
security, income may be received in the form of cash, securities, or a combination of both. The PIK rate shown, where applicable, represents
the annualized rate of the last PIK payment made by the issuer as of the end of the reporting period. UB Underlying bond of an inverse floating rate trust reflected as a financing
transaction. WI/DD Purchased on a when-issued or delayed delivery basis. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 134 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS – 154.9% (99.9% of Total Investments) MUNICIPAL BONDS – 149.7% (96.6% of Total Investments) Alabama – 6.9% (4.4% of Total Investments) $ 500 Hoover Industrial Development Board, Alabama, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call B3 $ 630,645 United States Steel Corporation Project, Green Series 2020, 6.375%, 11/01/50 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 11/01/30) 43,450 Hoover Industrial Development Board, Alabama, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, 10/29 at 100.00 B3 51,395,701 United States Steel Corporation Project, Series 2019, 5.750%, 10/01/49 (AMT) Tuscaloosa County Industrial Development Authority, Alabama, Gulf Opportunity Zone Bonds, Hunt Refining Project, Refunding Series 2019A: 465 4.500%, 5/01/32, 144A 5/29 at 100.00 N/R 497,108 3,500 5.250%, 5/01/44, 144A 5/29 at 100.00 N/R 4,030,250 47,915 Total Alabama 56,553,704 Arizona – 4.3% (2.8% of Total Investments) 4,000 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 7/24 at 101.00 N/R 4,193,880 Leman Academy of Excellence ? East Tucson & Central Tucson Projects, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 7/01/49, 144A Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Academies of Math & Science Projects, Series 2019: 1,860 5.000%, 7/01/49, 144A 7/29 at 100.00 BB 2,111,565 1,500 5.000%, 7/01/54, 144A 7/29 at 100.00 BB 1,696,290 340 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Pinecrest 7/28 at 100.00 BB+ 363,905 Academy-Cadence Campus Project, Series 2020A, 4.000%, 7/15/40, 144A 1,000 Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, 1/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,055,170 Gateway Academy Project, Series 2019A, 5.750%, 1/01/50, 144A Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Legacy Traditional Schools Projects, Taxable Series 2019B: 2,000 5.000%, 7/01/39, 144A 7/29 at 100.00 Ba2 2,330,000 5,355 5.000%, 7/01/49, 144A 7/29 at 100.00 Ba2 6,118,623 1,525 5.000%, 7/01/54, 144A 7/29 at 100.00 Ba2 1,736,853 315 Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Educational Facilities 10/27 at 103.00 N/R 349,647 Revenue Bonds, Ottawa University Projects, Series 2020, 5.500%, 10/01/51, 144A 600 Phoenix Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 7/25 at 100.00 BB 665,064 Basis Schools, Inc. Projects, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 7/01/35, 144A 280 Phoenix Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 9/30 at 100.00 Ba2 308,300 Northwest Christian School Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 9/01/55, 144A 2,700 Phoenix Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Lease Revenue Bonds, Guam Facilities 2/24 at 100.00 B+ 2,784,105 Foundation, Inc. Project, Series 2014, 5.375%, 2/01/41 3,540 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 3,572,533 American Leadership Academy Project, Series 2017, 5.000%, 6/15/52, 144A 500 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 6/25 at 100.00 N/R 523,880 American Leadership Academy Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 6/15/52, 144A 1,000 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 7/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,124,290 Edkey Charter Schools Project, Series 2019, 5.875%, 7/01/51, 144A 50 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 52,956 Imagine East Mesa Charter Schools Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 7/01/49, 144A 380 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 397,244 Synergy Public Charter School Project, Series 2020, 5.250%, 6/15/50, 144A 1,000 Sierra Vista Industrial Development Authority, 5.375%, 10/01/56 10/29 at 103.00 N/R 816,040 135 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Arizona (continued) Tempe Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Revenue Bonds, Mirabella at ASU Project, Series 2017A: $ 2,205 6.000%, 10/01/37, 144A 10/27 at 100.00 N/R $ 2,426,580 2,350 6.125%, 10/01/52, 144A 10/27 at 100.00 N/R 2,560,231 32,500 Total Arizona 35,187,156 Arkansas – 3.6% (2.3% of Total Investments) 27,050 Arkansas Development Finance Authority, Industrial Development Revenue Bonds, Big River 9/26 at 103.00 B 29,474,762 Steel Project, Series 2019, 4.500%, 9/01/49 (AMT), 144A California – 7.3% (4.7% of Total Investments) 2,500 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 2/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,766,400 Serenity at Larkspur Apartments, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 2/01/50, 144A 1,555 California County Tobacco Securitization Agency, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, 6/30 at 26.72 N/R 296,974 Los Angeles County Securitization Corporation, Series 2020B-2, 0.010%, 6/01/55 1,530 California Enterprise Development Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Norton 7/27 at 102.00 N/R 1,636,136 Science and Language Academy Project, Series 2020, 6.250%, 7/01/58, 144A 4,000 California Municipal Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Simpson University, Series 2020A, 10/27 at 103.00 N/R 4,483,000 6.000%, 10/01/50 2,500 California Municipal Finance Authority, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, No Opt. Call B+ 2,818,200 Inc. Los Angeles International Airport Project, Series 2019, 4.000%, 7/15/29 (AMT) 1,385 California Public Finance Authority, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, California 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,462,823 Crosspoint Academy Project, Series 2020A, 5.125%, 7/01/55, 144A 320 California Public Finance Authority, Senior Living Revenue Bonds, Enso Village, 11/29 at 102.00 N/R 362,797 Refunding Green Series 2021A, 5.000%, 11/15/51, 144A California School Finance Authority, California, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Encore Education Obligated Group, Series 2016A: 4,020 5.000%, 6/01/42, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 3,923,922 4,380 5.000%, 6/01/52, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 4,150,269 California School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Arts in Action Charter Schools – Obligated Group, Series 2020A: 1,410 5.000%, 6/01/50, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,537,224 700 5.000%, 6/01/59, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 759,808 1,000 California School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Scholarship Prep 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,016,770 Public Schools ? Obligated Group, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 6/01/60, 144A 2,065 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma 12/24 at 100.00 BB– 2,335,949 Linda University Medical Center, Series 2014A, 5.500%, 12/01/54 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma Linda University Medical Center, Series 2016A: 1,480 5.000%, 12/01/41, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 BB– 1,688,680 10,090 5.250%, 12/01/56, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 BB– 11,545,987 1,095 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma 6/28 at 100.00 BB– 1,329,297 Linda University Medical Center, Series 2018A, 5.500%, 12/01/58, 144A California Statewide Community Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Daughters of Charity Health System, Series 2005A: 576 5.750%, 7/01/24 (4), (5) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 504,158 8 5.750%, 7/01/30 (4), (5) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 6,382 276 5.750%, 7/01/35 (4), (5) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 241,709 452 California Statewide Community Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Daughters of 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 395,669 Charity Health System, Series 2005G, 5.500%, 7/01/22 (4), (5) 206 California Statewide Community Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Daughters of 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 180,284 Charity Health System, Series 2005H, 5.750%, 7/01/25 (4), (5) 25,000 California Statewide Financing Authority, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, Pooled 11/21 at 22.08 N/R 5,509,750 Tobacco Securitization Program, Series 2006A, 0.000%, 6/01/46 136 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) Foothill/Eastern Transportation Corridor Agency, California, Toll Road Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2021A: $ 5,000 4.000%, 1/15/46 1/31 at 100.00 Baa2 $ 5,690,650 5,000 4.000%, 1/15/46 (UB) 1/31 at 100.00 Baa2 5,690,650 76,548 Total California 60,333,488 Colorado – 8.7% (5.6% of Total Investments) 1,000 Broadway Station Metropolitan District 3, Denver City and County, Colorado, General 6/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,070,040 Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 1,000 Broadway Station Metropolitan District 3, Denver City and County, Colorado, General 6/24 at 79.97 N/R 671,710 Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Subordinate Convertible to Senior Capital Appreciation Series 2019B, 7.500%, 12/01/49 500 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds 10/27 at 100.00 N/R 524,855 World Compass Academy Project, Series 2017, 5.375%, 10/01/37 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Loveland Classical Schools Project, Series 2016: 525 3.750%, 7/01/26, 144A No Opt. Call BB 545,932 500 5.000%, 7/01/36, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 BB 547,530 10,170 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Rocky Mountain 10/27 at 100.00 Ba1 11,074,520 Classical Academy Project, Refunding Series 2019, 5.000%, 10/01/59, 144A 12,485 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, CommonSpirit Health, 8/29 at 100.00 BBB+ 13,041,332 Series 2019A-2, 3.250%, 8/01/49 1,000 Copper Ridge Metropolitan District, Colorado Springs, Colorado, Tax Increment and Sales 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,067,930 Tax Supported Revenue Bonds, Series 2019, 5.000%, 12/01/39 14,000 Hess Ranch Metropolitan District 6, Parker, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation 3/25 at 93.28 N/R 11,163,180 Bonds, Convertible Capital Appreciation Series 2020A-2, 0.000%, 12/01/49 (6) 5,500 Hess Ranch Metropolitan District 6, Parker, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation 3/25 at 103.00 N/R 5,950,230 Bonds, Series 2020A-1, 5.000%, 12/01/49 1,075 Indy Oak Tod Metropolitan District, Lakewood, Jefferson County, Colorado, Limited Tax 6/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,178,662 General Obligation Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2020A, 5.500%, 12/01/50, 144A 500 Iron Mountain Metropolitan District 2, Windsor, Weld County, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 531,145 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 500 Mountain Shadows Metropolitan District, Colorado, General Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 524,295 Refunding Series 2016, 4.000%, 12/01/26 1,000 North Range Metropolitan District 3, Adams County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,098,070 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A-3, 5.250%, 12/01/50 515 North Vista Highlands Metropolitan District 3, Pueblo County, Colorado, Limited Tax 3/25 at 103.00 N/R 554,150 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2020, 5.125%, 12/01/49 Painted Prairie Public Improvement Authority, Aurora, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2019: 5,000 5.000%, 12/01/39 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 5,439,750 5,000 5.000%, 12/01/49 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 5,397,900 1,000 Palisade Metropolitan District 2, Broomfield County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,031,030 Limited Tax Bonds, Subordinate Series 2019, 7.250%, 12/15/49 705 Penrith Park Metropolitan District, Adams County, Colorado, General Obligation Limited 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 754,653 Tax Bonds, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 1,200 Sky Ranch Community Authority Board, Arapahoe County, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported 12/24 at 102.00 N/R 1,312,500 District 1 Revenue Bonds, Senior Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 880 Sky Ranch Community Authority Board, Arapahoe County, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported 12/24 at 102.00 N/R 992,834 District 1 Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Series 2019B, 7.625%, 12/15/49 500 STC Metropolitan District 2, Superior, Boulder County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 540,715 Obligation and Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & improvement Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 760 Talon Pointe Metropolitan District, Adams County, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 827,967 Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Refunding & Improvement Series 2019A, 5.250%, 12/01/51 137 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) Thompson Crossing Metropolitan District 4, Johnstown, Larimer County, Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Limited Tax Convertible to Unlimited Tax, Refunding & Improvement Series 2019: $ 1,400 5.000%, 12/01/39 9/24 at 103.00 N/R $ 1,515,178 2,125 5.000%, 12/01/49 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 2,274,451 1,000 Ward TOD Metropolitan District 1, Wheat Ridge, Jefferson County, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,069,760 General Obligation Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 1,000 Willow Bend Metropolitan District, City of Thornton, Adams County, Colorado, Limited Tax 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,070,050 General Obligation Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/49 70,840 Total Colorado 71,770,369 Connecticut – 0.2% (0.2% of Total Investments) 12,252 Mashantucket Western Pequot Tribe, Connecticut, Special Revenue Bonds, Subordinate No Opt. Call N/R 1,837,869 Series 2013A, 0.070%, 7/01/31 (cash 4.000%, PIK 2.050%) (5) District of Columbia – 2.6% (1.7% of Total Investments) 87,000 District of Columbia Tobacco Settlement Corporation, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 11/21 at 22.08 N/R 19,120,860 Bonds, Series 2006A, 0.000%, 6/15/46 2,000 District of Columbia, Revenue Bonds, Saint Paul on Fouth Street, Inc., Series 2019A, 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,010,880 5.250%, 5/15/55, 144A 89,000 Total District of Columbia 21,131,740 Florida – 18.4% (11.9% of Total Investments) Academical Village Community Development District, Davie, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2020: 2,000 3.625%, 5/01/40 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,072,200 1,000 4.000%, 5/01/51 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,042,960 Cape Coral Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Senior Housing Revenue Bonds, Gulf Care Inc. Project, Series 2015: 4,370 5.875%, 7/01/40, 144A 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 4,641,814 2,500 6.000%, 7/01/45, 144A 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 2,655,525 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Educational Facilities Lease Revenue Bonds, Franklin Academy Projects, Series 2020: 140 5.000%, 12/15/35, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 151,742 100 5.000%, 12/15/50, 144A 7/26 at 100.00 N/R 106,581 100 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Imagine School at 12/30 at 100.00 Ba1 115,591 Land O’Lakes Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/15/49, 144A 1,950 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Pineapple Cove 1/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,179,261 Classical Academy, Series 2019A, 5.125%, 7/01/39, 144A 1,000 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Provision CARES Proton Therapy Center, 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 547,510 Orlando Project, Series 2018, 7.500%, 6/01/48, 144A (4), (5) 1,000 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Tuscan Gardens Senior Living Community 4/22 at 103.00 N/R 549,390 Project, Series 2015A, 7.000%, 4/01/49 (5) Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Senior Living Facilities Revenue Bonds, Elim Senior Housing, Inc. Project, Series 2017: 1,490 5.625%, 8/01/37, 144A 8/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,376,298 3,735 5.875%, 8/01/52, 144A 8/24 at 103.00 N/R 3,308,874 170 Cypress Preserve Community Development District, Pasco County, Florida, Special 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 177,371 Assessment Bonds, Assessment Area 2, Series 2019, 4.125%, 11/01/50 Epperson North Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, Assessment Area 1, Series 2018A-1: 1,000 5.500%, 11/01/39, 144A 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,153,530 1,000 5.750%, 11/01/49, 144A 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,154,360 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Miami Arts Charter School Projects, Series 2014: 165 5.000%, 6/15/24, 144A No Opt. Call N/R 163,357 2,500 5.875%, 6/15/34, 144A 6/24 at 100.00 N/R 2,416,650 5,795 6.000%, 6/15/44, 144A 6/24 at 100.00 N/R 5,414,674 138 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Pepin Academies of Pasco County Inc., Series 2020A: $ 2,435 5.000%, 1/01/40, 144A 1/27 at 100.00 N/R $ 2,631,139 500 5.000%, 1/01/50, 144A 1/27 at 100.00 N/R 535,370 3,000 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Renaissance 6/23 at 100.00 N/R (14) 3,387,420 Charter School, Inc. Projects, Series 2013A, 8.500%, 6/15/44 (Pre-refunded 6/15/23) 1,575 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Southwest 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,696,716 Charter Foundation Inc Projects, Series 2017A, 6.000%, 6/15/37, 144A 18,000 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Florida, Surface Transportation Facility Revenue 1/24 at 107.00 N/R 19,439,640 Bonds, Brightline Passenger Rail Project, Green Series 2019B, 7.375%, 1/01/49 (AMT), 144A Florida Development Finance Corporation, Florida, Surface Transportation Facility Revenue Bonds, Virgin Trains USA Passenger Rail Project , Series 2019A: 7,535 6.250%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/24), 144A 11/21 at 103.00 N/R 7,640,415 3,200 6.375%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/26), 144A 11/21 at 104.00 N/R 3,248,480 40,225 6.500%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/29), 144A 11/21 at 104.00 N/R 40,769,244 3,000 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Senior Living Revenue Bonds, Glenridge on 6/28 at 103.00 N/R 3,393,000 Palmer Ranch Project, Refunding Series 2021, 5.000%, 6/01/51 7,000 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Student Housing Revenue Bonds, Midtown Campus 12/23 at 105.00 N/R 6,860,000 Properties LLC Project, Series 2019, 6.875%, 12/01/38, 144A (5) Greater Orlando Aviation Authority, Florida, Special Purpose Airport Facilities Revenue Bonds, JetBlue Airways Corporation, Series 2013: 2,500 5.000%, 11/15/26 (AMT) 5/23 at 100.00 N/R 2,625,500 1,740 5.000%, 11/15/36 (AMT) 5/23 at 100.00 N/R 1,818,822 1,380 Lee County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Lee 11/21 at 100.00 BB– 1,382,539 County Community Charter Schools, Series 2007A, 5.250%, 6/15/27 Lee County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Healthcare Facilities Revenue Bonds, Preserve Project, Series 2017A: 1,000 5.375%, 12/01/32, 144A 12/22 at 105.00 N/R 1,041,200 1,100 5.625%, 12/01/37, 144A 12/22 at 105.00 N/R 1,143,197 1,300 5.750%, 12/01/52, 144A 12/22 at 105.00 N/R 1,334,775 690 LT Ranch Community Development District, Sarasota County, Florida, Capital Improvement 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 728,868 Revenue Bonds, Series 2019, 4.000%, 5/01/40 Miami Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Miami Jewish Health System Inc. Project, Series 2017: 1,260 5.000%, 7/01/26 No Opt. Call BB+ 1,282,970 1,000 5.000%, 7/01/27 No Opt. Call BB+ 1,020,030 1,410 Miami World Center Community Development District, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Special 11/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,612,265 Assessment Bonds, Series 2017, 5.125%, 11/01/39 4,935 North Springs Improvement District, Browaard County, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, 5/28 at 100.00 N/R 5,495,715 Area C, Series 2017, 5.000%, 5/01/38 500 Osceola County, Florida, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Osceola Parkway, Refunding & 10/29 at 40.38 BBB– 159,695 Improvement Capital Appreciation Series 2019A-2, 0.000%, 10/01/54 100 Parker Road Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 104,643 Refunding Series 2020, 3.875%, 5/01/40 125 Portico Community Development District, Lee County, Florida, Special Assessment, 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 128,219 Refunding Improvement Series 2020-1, 3.500%, 5/01/37 Seminole County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Retirement Facility Revenue Bonds, Legacy Pointe At UCF Project, Series 2019A: 3,970 5.500%, 11/15/49 11/26 at 103.00 N/R 4,363,586 2,440 5.750%, 11/15/54 11/26 at 103.00 N/R 2,709,571 2,550 Three Rivers Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 5/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,740,255 Series 2019A-1, 4.750%, 5/01/50 80 Three Rivers Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 85,273 Series 2019A-2, 4.750%, 5/01/29 139 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 1,720 Twin Creeks North Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, 11/31 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,981,818 Master Infrastructure Improvements, Series 2016A-1, 6.375%, 11/01/47 500 West Villages Improvement District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Unit of No Opt. Call N/R 519,955 Development 1, Series 2017, 4.000%, 5/01/27 900 Westside Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 5/29 at 100.00 N/R 961,911 Refunding Series 2019, 4.125%, 5/01/38, 144A 147,685 Total Florida 152,069,919 Georgia – 2.5% (1.6% of Total Investments) Atlanta Development Authority, Georgia, Senior Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, Georgia Proton Treatment Center Project, Current Interest Series 2017A-1: 1,250 6.500%, 1/01/29 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 938,038 7,030 6.750%, 1/01/35 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 5,200,653 18,430 7.000%, 1/01/40 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 13,409,668 441 Georgia Local Governments, Certificates of Participation, Georgia Municipal Association, No Opt. Call Baa2 488,077 Series 1998A, 4.750%, 6/01/28 – NPFG Insured 850 White County Development Authority, Georgia, Revenue Bonds Truett McConnell University, 10/26 at 103.00 N/R 896,002 Series 2019, 5.125%, 10/01/39 28,001 Total Georgia 20,932,438 Guam – 0.5% (0.4% of Total Investments) 3,860 Guam Government, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2019, 5.000%, 11/15/31 (AMT) 5/29 at 100.00 BB– 4,438,267 Hawaii – 0.6% (0.4% of Total Investments) 1,150 Hawaii Department of Budget and Finance, Special Purpose Revenue Bonds, Chaminade 1/25 at 100.00 Ba3 1,190,629 University of Honolulu, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 1/01/45, 144A 4,090 Hawaii State Department of Transportation, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, Continental 11/21 at 100.00 B+ 4,104,356 Airlines Inc., Series 1997, 5.625%, 11/15/27 (AMT) 5,240 Total Hawaii 5,294,985 Illinois – 16.3% (10.5% of Total Investments) Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project Series 2011A: 7,075 5.250%, 1/01/35 11/21 at 100.00 Ba1 7,128,911 2,500 5.000%, 1/01/40 11/21 at 100.00 Ba1 2,519,050 2,800 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2016C, 5.000%, 1/01/38 1/26 at 100.00 BBB– 3,169,852 5,000 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2019A, 5.500%, 1/01/49 1/29 at 100.00 BBB– 6,006,450 3,965 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Variable Rate Demand Series 2007F, 1/25 at 100.00 Ba1 4,424,028 5.500%, 1/01/42 335 Evergreen Park, Cook County, Illinois, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Evergreen Plaza 12/29 at 100.00 N/R 338,333 Development Project, Senior Lien Series 2019A, 4.375%, 12/01/36, 144A 10,850 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Admiral at the Lake Project, Refunding Series 5/24 at 103.00 N/R 11,293,114 2017, 5.250%, 5/15/54 5,000 Illinois Finance Authority, Student Housing Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing 7/25 at 100.00 B– 4,475,050 Foundation – Cook LLC Northeastern Illinois University Project, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 7/01/47 1,000 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, June Series 2016, 4.000%, 6/01/34 6/26 at 100.00 BBB– 1,093,070 4,840 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, May Series 2018A, 5.000%, 5/01/32 5/28 at 100.00 BBB– 5,749,581 890 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, May Series 2020, 5.500%, 5/01/39 5/30 at 100.00 BBB– 1,104,908 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2017D: 4,600 5.000%, 11/01/28 11/27 at 100.00 BBB– 5,486,926 10,000 5.000%, 11/01/28 (UB) (7) 11/27 at 100.00 BBB– 11,928,100 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, November Series 2019C: 15,000 4.000%, 11/01/43 11/29 at 100.00 BBB– 16,560,450 4,000 4.000%, 11/01/44 11/29 at 100.00 BBB– 4,407,120 3,700 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project 6/22 at 100.00 BB+ 3,807,670 Bonds, Refunding Series 2012A, 5.000%, 6/15/42 – NPFG Insured 140 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Illinois (continued) Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Refunding Series 2012B: $ 3,135 0.010%, 12/15/50 No Opt. Call BB+ $ 1,286,855 2,500 0.000%, 12/15/51 No Opt. Call BB+ 989,250 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Refunding Series 2020A: 6,025 4.000%, 6/15/50 12/29 at 100.00 BB+ 6,653,769 7,935 5.000%, 6/15/50 12/29 at 100.00 BB+ 9,377,900 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Series 2017A: 22,000 0.000%, 12/15/56 – BAM Insured No Opt. Call AA 7,833,980 22,500 0.010%, 12/15/56 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call A2 8,012,025 4,565 5.000%, 6/15/57 12/27 at 100.00 BB+ 5,275,999 10,000 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project No Opt. Call BB+ 3,560,900 Bonds, Series 2017B, 0.000%, 12/15/56 – AGM Insured 500 Morton Grove, Illinois, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Sawmill Station Redevelopment 1/26 at 100.00 N/R 516,020 Project, Senior Lien Series 2019, 5.000%, 1/01/39 Sales Tax Securitization Corporation, Illinois, Sales Tax Securitization Bonds, Second Lien Series 2020A: 150 4.000%, 1/01/38 1/30 at 100.00 AA– 174,464 120 4.000%, 1/01/39 1/30 at 100.00 AA– 139,264 1,000 Yorkville United City Business District, Illinois, Storm Water and Water Improvement 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 410,000 Project Revenue Bonds, Series 2007, 4.800%, 1/01/26 (5) 935 Yorkville, Illinois, Special Tax Bonds, Special Service Area 2006-113 Cannoball & 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 936,309 Beecher, Series 2007, 5.750%, 3/01/28 162,920 Total Illinois 134,659,348 Indiana – 0.8% (0.5% of Total Investments) 140 Anderson, Indiana, Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds, Sweet Galilee at the Wigwam 1/27 at 102.00 N/R 145,250 Project, Series 2020A, 5.375%, 1/01/40 3,105 Indiana Finance Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Earlham College, 10/23 at 100.00 N/R 3,278,756 Refunding Series 2013, 5.000%, 10/01/32 500 Indiana Finance Authority, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, United States Steel 11/30 at 100.00 B3 657,245 Corporation Project, Series 2020, 6.750%, 5/01/39 (AMT) 2,325 Valparaiso, Indiana, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, Pratt Paper LLC Project, Series 1/24 at 100.00 N/R 2,602,024 2013, 7.000%, 1/01/44 (AMT) 6,070 Total Indiana 6,683,275 Iowa – 1.9% (1.2% of Total Investments) 8,540 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Alcoa Inc. 8/22 at 100.00 Ba2 8,723,354 Project, Series 2012, 4.750%, 8/01/42 1,320 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Iowa Fertilizer 12/23 at 100.00 B+ 1,422,696 Company Project, Series 2013, 5.250%, 12/01/25 4,125 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Iowa Fertilizer 12/22 at 103.00 BB– 4,409,996 Company Project, Series 2018A, 5.250%, 12/01/50 (Mandatory Put 12/01/33) 750 Iowa Finance Authority, Iowa, Midwestern Disaster Area Revenue Bonds, Iowa Fertilizer 12/22 at 105.00 BB– 816,143 Company Project, Series 2018B, 5.250%, 12/01/50 (Mandatory Put 12/01/37) 14,735 Total Iowa 15,372,189 Kansas – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) 1,750 Overland Park Transportation Development District, Kansas, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Oak 11/21 at 100.00 BBB 1,750,595 Park Mall Project, Series 2010, 5.900%, 4/01/32 1,365 Wyandotte County-Kansas City Unified Government, Kansas, Sales Tax Special Obligation 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,377,080 Bonds, Vacation Village Project Area 1 and 2A, Series 2015, 5.750%, 9/01/32 3,115 Total Kansas 3,127,675 141 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Louisiana – 1.7% (1.1% of Total Investments) $ 7,005 Louisiana Local Government Environmental Facilities and Community Development Authority, 11/29 at 100.00 N/R $ 7,530,725 Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Jefferson Parish GOMESA Project, Series 2019, 4.000%, 11/01/44, 144A 260 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Lake Charles College Prep 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 268,803 Project, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 6/01/58, 144A 200 Saint James Parish, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, NuStar Logistics, L.P. Project, Series No Opt. Call BB– 258,688 2008, 6.100%, 6/01/38 (Mandatory Put 6/01/30), 144A 1,235 Saint James Parish, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, NuStar Logistics, L.P. Project, Series 6/30 at 100.00 BB– 1,621,308 2010, 6.350%, 7/01/40, 144A 800 Saint James Parish, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, NuStar Logistics, L.P. Project, Series 6/30 at 100.00 BB– 1,050,240 2010A, 6.350%, 10/01/40, 144A 695 Saint James Parish, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, NuStar Logistics, L.P. Project, Series No Opt. Call BB– 898,941 2010B, 6.100%, 12/01/40 (Mandatory Put 6/01/30), 144A 1,085 Saint James Parish, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, NuStar Logistics, L.P. Project, Series No Opt. Call BB– 1,226,213 2011, 5.850%, 8/01/41 (Mandatory Put 6/01/25), 144A 975 Saint John the Baptist Parish, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Marathon Oil Corporation No Opt. Call BBB– 991,965 Project, Refunding Series 2017A-1, 2.000%, 6/01/37 (Mandatory Put 4/01/23) 12,255 Total Louisiana 13,846,883 Maryland – 0.9% (0.6% of Total Investments) Baltimore, Maryland, Convention Center Hotel Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2017: 1,480 5.000%, 9/01/24 No Opt. Call CCC 1,547,621 1,000 5.000%, 9/01/39 9/27 at 100.00 CCC 1,057,340 680 5.000%, 9/01/46 9/27 at 100.00 CCC 714,877 2,000 Maryland Economic Development Corporation, Private Activity Revenue Bonds FCP, Purple 11/21 at 100.00 B– 2,007,300 Line Light Rail Project, Green Bonds, Series 2016B, 5.000%, 9/30/26 (AMT) 2,000 Maryland Economic Development Corporation, Private Activity Revenue Bonds RSA, Purple 11/21 at 100.00 B– 2,007,300 Line Light Rail Project, Green Bonds, Series 2016A, 5.000%, 3/31/24 (AMT) 7,160 Total Maryland 7,334,438 Massachusetts – 1.9% (1.2% of Total Investments) 1,620 Lowell, Massachusetts, Collegiate Charter School Revenue Bonds, Series 2019, 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,724,166 5.000%, 6/15/54 Massachusetts Development Finance Agency Revenue Bonds, Lawrence General Hospital Issue, Series 2017: 1,000 5.000%, 7/01/37 7/27 at 100.00 B– 978,710 3,900 5.000%, 7/01/42 7/27 at 100.00 B– 3,727,932 9,500 5.000%, 7/01/47 7/27 at 100.00 B– 8,935,700 16,020 Total Massachusetts 15,366,508 Michigan – 0.5% (0.3% of Total Investments) 40 Advanced Technology Academy, Michigan, Public School Academy Revenue Bonds, Refunding 11/27 at 102.00 BB 43,756 Series 2019, 5.000%, 11/01/44 74,130 Michigan Tobacco Settlement Finance Authority, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Revenue 6/33 at 11.41 N/R 3,770,993 Bonds, Capital Appreciation Turbo Term Series 2008C, 0.010%, 6/01/58 74,170 Total Michigan 3,814,749 Minnesota – 0.7% (0.4% of Total Investments) 500 Bethel, Minnesota Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Partnership Academy Project, 7/26 at 102.00 N/R 536,235 Series 2018A, 5.000%, 7/01/53 1,300 Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Athlos Leadership Academy 7/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,384,032 Project, Series 2015A, 5.750%, 7/01/46 2,440 Columbia Heights, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Prodeo Academy Project, 7/27 at 102.00 N/R 2,600,381 Series 2019A, 5.000%, 7/01/54 130 Minneapolis, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Friendship Academy of the 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 138,472 Arts Project, Series 2019A, 5.250%, 12/01/52, 144A 142 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Minnesota (continued) $ 30 Minneapolis, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, Northeast College Prep 7/30 at 100.00 N/R $ 32,821 Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/40 1,000 Scanlon, Minnesota, Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, Duluth Health Services 3/25 at 101.00 N/R 907,900 Project, Refunding Series 2020, 3.950%, 3/01/50 5,400 Total Minnesota 5,599,841 Missouri – 0.0% (0.0% of Total Investments) 315 Boone County, Missouri, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Boone Hospital Center, Refunding Series 8/26 at 100.00 Ba1 338,370 2016, 4.000%, 8/01/38 Nevada – 3.2% (2.1% of Total Investments) 9,385 Director of Nevada State Department of Business & Industry, Environmental Improvement Revenue 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 10,036,413 Bonds, Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels LLC Project, Green Series 2018, 6.950%, 2/15/38 (AMT), 144A 2,000 Director of Nevada State Department of Business & Industry, Environmental Improvement 2/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,127,320 Revenue Bonds, Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels LLC Project, Green Series 2020, 6.750%, 2/15/38, 144A Director of Nevada State Department of Business & Industry, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels LLC Project, Series 2017: 2,259 5.875%, 12/15/27 (AMT), 144A No Opt. Call N/R 2,517,959 340 6.250%, 12/15/37 (AMT), 144A 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 360,672 2,750 Director of Nevada State Department of Business & Industry, Environmental Improvement 8/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,749,725 Revenue Bonds, Fulcrum Sierra Holdings LLC, Green Series 2019, 5.750%, 2/15/38 (AMT), 144A 52,500 Reno, Nevada, Subordinate Lien Sales Tax Revenue Refunding Capital Appreciation Bonds, 7/38 at 31.26 N/R 8,953,875 ReTrac-Reno Transportation Rail Access Corridor Project, Series 2018C, 0.010%, 7/01/58, 144A 69,234 Total Nevada 26,745,964 New Hampshire – 0.1% (0.0% of Total Investments) 470 National Finance Authority, New Hampshire, Resource Recovery Revenue Bonds, Covanta 7/23 at 100.00 B 490,022 Project, Refunding Series 2018C, 4.875%, 11/01/42 (AMT), 144A New Jersey – 4.0% (2.6% of Total Investments) 4,000 New Jersey Economic Development Authority Revenue Bonds, Black Horse EHT Urban Renewal 10/27 at 102.00 N/R 4,081,000 LLC Project, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 10/01/39, 144A 1,500 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, Fixed Rate Revenue Bonds, Lions Gate Project, 1/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,530,405 Series 2014, 5.000%, 1/01/34 5,475 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, White Horse HMT Urban Renewal 1/28 at 102.00 N/R 5,551,541 LLC Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 1/01/40, 144A 7,500 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, Continental 9/22 at 100.00 B 7,718,175 Airlines Inc., Refunding Series 2012, 5.750%, 9/15/27 (AMT) 2,500 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, Continental 8/22 at 101.00 B+ 2,597,050 Airlines Inc., Series 1999, 5.250%, 9/15/29 (AMT) 15,000 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series No Opt. Call BBB 9,292,350 2009A, 0.000%, 12/15/39 (UB) (7) South Jersey Port Corporation, New Jersey, Marine Terminal Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Series 2017B: 1,260 5.000%, 1/01/37 (AMT) 1/28 at 100.00 Baa1 1,475,258 500 5.000%, 1/01/42 (AMT) 1/28 at 100.00 Baa1 580,030 37,735 Total New Jersey 32,825,809 New Mexico – 1.3% (0.8% of Total Investments) 9,500 New Mexico Hospital Equipment Loan Council, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Presbyterian 8/29 at 100.00 Aa3 9,916,005 Healthcare Services, Series 2019A, 3.000%, 8/01/48 825 Winrock Town Center Tax Increment Development District 1, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Gross 11/23 at 103.00 N/R 842,853 Receipts Tax Increment Bonds, Subordinate Lien Series 2020, 8.000%, 5/01/40, 144A 10,325 Total New Mexico 10,758,858 143 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New York – 11.2% (7.2% of Total Investments) $ 950 Build New York City Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Metropolitan College 11/24 at 100.00 BB $ 1,041,704 of New York, Series 2014, 5.250%, 11/01/34 1,120 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Albert Einstein College of 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,257,648 Medicine, Inc, Series 2015, 5.500%, 9/01/45, 144A 2,910 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Family Life Academy Charter 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,972,390 School, Series 2020A-1, 5.500%, 6/01/55, 144A 1,590 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Family Life Academy Charter 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,654,681 School, Series 2020C-1, 5.000%, 6/01/55, 144A 450 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, Montefiore Obligated Group, 8/28 at 100.00 BBB– 505,953 Series 2018A, 4.000%, 8/01/38 36,150 Erie County Tobacco Asset Securitization Corporation, New York, Tobacco Settlement 11/21 at 5.55 N/R 1,897,152 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2006A, 0.000%, 6/01/60, 144A 650 Hempstead Town Local Development Corporation, New York, Education Revenue Bonds, The 2/30 at 100.00 N/R 727,929 Academy Charter School Project, Series 2020A, 5.730%, 2/01/50 1,570 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Green 5/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,890,641 Climate Bond Certified Series 2020C-1, 5.250%, 11/15/55 5,000 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Series 11/23 at 100.00 BBB+ 5,408,650 2014A-1, 5.250%, 11/15/39 (UB) (7) 5,900 New York City, New York, General Obligation Bonds, Fiscal 2021 Series C, 4.000%, 8/30 at 100.00 AA– 6,873,205 8/01/39 (UB) (7) 12,500 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 3 World Trade 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 13,637,750 Center Project, Class 1 Series 2014, 5.000%, 11/15/44, 144A New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 3 World Trade Center Project, Class 2 Series 2014: 3,235 5.150%, 11/15/34, 144A 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 3,594,344 6,960 5.375%, 11/15/40, 144A 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 7,724,626 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, American Airlines, Inc. John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Refunding Series 2016: 8,170 5.000%, 8/01/26 (AMT) 11/21 at 100.00 B– 8,186,258 3,000 5.000%, 8/01/31 (AMT) 11/21 at 100.00 B– 3,005,850 875 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue 8/30 at 100.00 B– 1,092,560 Bonds, American Airlines, Inc. John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Series 2020, 5.375%, 8/01/36 (AMT) New York Transportation Development Corporation, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, Delta Air Lines, Inc. – LaGuardia Airport Terminals C&D Redevelopment Project, Series 2020: 2,450 5.000%, 10/01/40 (AMT) 10/30 at 100.00 BB+ 3,010,437 2,775 4.375%, 10/01/45 (AMT) 10/30 at 100.00 BB+ 3,185,284 Syracuse Industrial Development Authority, New York, PILOT Revenue Bonds, Carousel Center Project, Refunding Series 2016A: 2,950 5.000%, 1/01/32 (AMT) 1/26 at 100.00 CC 2,820,229 3,000 5.000%, 1/01/33 (AMT) 1/26 at 100.00 CC 2,860,260 2,500 5.000%, 1/01/35 (AMT) 1/26 at 100.00 CC 2,361,250 2,775 5.000%, 1/01/36 (AMT) 1/26 at 100.00 CC 2,611,608 12,700 TSASC Inc., New York, Tobacco Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2006, 5.000%, 6/01/48 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 13,697,839 120,180 Total New York 92,018,248 Ohio – 9.6% (6.2% of Total Investments) 89,235 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 22.36 N/R 13,944,753 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Capital Appreciation Series 2020B-3 Class 2, 0.000%, 6/01/57 325 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 327,447 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020A-2 Class 1, 3.000%, 6/01/48 16,255 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 18,253,227 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020B-2 Class 2, 5.000%, 6/01/55 144 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Ohio (continued) Butler County Port Authority, Ohio, Public Infrastructure Revenue Bonds, Liberty Center Project, Liberty Community Authority, Series 2014C: $ 535 5.000%, 12/01/24 12/22 at 100.00 N/R $ 542,431 1,000 5.750%, 12/01/34 12/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,008,060 1,000 6.000%, 12/01/43 12/22 at 100.00 N/R 1,008,140 7,610 Cleveland, Ohio, Airport Special Revenue Bonds, Continental Airlines Inc. Project, 11/21 at 100.00 B 7,635,265 Series 1998, 5.375%, 9/15/27 (AMT) Evans Farm New Community Authority, Ohio, Community Development Charge Revenue Bonds, Evans Farm Mixed-Use Project, Series 2020: 2,170 3.750%, 12/01/38 6/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,234,905 140 4.000%, 12/01/46 6/29 at 100.00 N/R 143,256 5,000 Franklin County Convention Facilities Authority, Ohio, Hotel Project Revenue Bonds, Greater 12/29 at 100.00 BBB– 5,750,700 Columbus Convention Center Hotel Expansion Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 12/01/51 940 Hilliard Hickory Chase Community Authority, Ohio, Infrastructure Improvement Revenue 12/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,010,021 Bonds, Hickory Chase Project, Senior Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/40, 144A 5,020 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Air Quality Development Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 6,275 FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Series 2009A, 5.700%, 8/01/22 14,950 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, AMG 7/29 at 100.00 B– 17,092,933 Vanadium Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 7/01/49 (AMT), 144A 2,085 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 2,606 FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2009B, 3.100%, 3/01/23 4,140 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 5,175 FirstEnergy Generation Project, Refunding Series 2006A, 3.750%, 12/01/23 (5) 2,895 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 2,939,583 FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2009A, 4.375%, 6/01/33 (Mandatory Put 6/01/22) 2,000 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Revenue Bonds, AK Steel Holding 2/22 at 100.00 CCC+ 2,019,760 Corporation, Refunding Series 2012A, 6.750%, 6/01/24 (AMT) 2,470 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 3,088 Generating Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2006A, 3.000%, 5/15/49 (5) 2,000 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear No Opt. Call N/R 2,500 Generating Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2010C, 4.000%, 6/01/33 2,510 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 3,138 Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2006B, 4.000%, 12/01/33 (5) 2,015 Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 2,046,031 Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2010B, 4.375%, 6/01/33 (Mandatory Put 6/01/22) 1,000 Port of Greater Cincinnati Development Authority, Ohio, Special Obligation Tax Increment 11/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,012,610 Financing Revenue Bonds, Cooperative Township Public Parking Project, Gallery at Kenwood, Senior Lien Series 2019A, 5.000%, 11/01/51 1,000 Southern Ohio Port Authority, Ohio, Facility Revenue Bonds, Purecycle Project, Series 12/27 at 103.00 N/R 1,144,130 2020A, 7.000%, 12/01/42 (AMT), 144A 1,000 Southern Ohio Port Authority, Ohio, Facility Revenue Bonds, Purecycle Project, Series 12/26 at 105.00 N/R 1,176,560 2020B, 10.000%, 12/01/27 (AMT), 144A 167,295 Total Ohio 79,312,594 Oklahoma – 0.9% (0.6% of Total Investments) 2,475 Tulsa Municipal Airport Trust, Oklahoma, Revenue Bonds, American Airlines Inc., 6/23 at 100.00 N/R 2,628,797 Refunding Series 2000B, 5.500%, 6/01/35 (AMT) 860 Tulsa Municipal Airport Trust, Oklahoma, Revenue Bonds, American Airlines Inc., 6/23 at 100.00 N/R 913,440 Refunding Series 2001B, 5.500%, 12/01/35 (AMT) 3,475 Tulsa Municipal Airport Trust, Oklahoma, Revenue Bonds, American Airlines Inc., 6/25 at 100.00 B– 3,868,300 Refunding Series 2015, 5.000%, 6/01/35 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 6/01/25) 6,810 Total Oklahoma 7,410,537 145 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Oregon – 0.0% (0.0% of Total Investments) $ 100 Oregon Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Metro East Web Academy Project, Series 6/27 at 102.00 N/R $ 107,266 2019A, 5.000%, 6/15/49, 144A Pennsylvania – 6.8% (4.4% of Total Investments) 600 Allegheny Country Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Environmental 12/21 at 100.00 B3 602,334 Improvement Revenue Bonds, United States Steel Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2011, 6.750%, 12/01/27 1,125 Allegheny Country Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Environmental 8/22 at 100.00 B3 1,152,079 Improvement Revenue Bonds, United States Steel Corporation Project, Series 2012, 5.750%, 8/01/42 (AMT) Allegheny County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, United States Steel Corp., Refunding Series 2019: 5,970 4.875%, 11/01/24 No Opt. Call B3 6,508,434 6,995 5.125%, 5/01/30 No Opt. Call B3 8,438,208 355 Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Tax Revenue 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 437,612 Bonds, 615 Waterfront Project, Senior Series 2021, 6.000%, 5/01/42, 144A Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Project, Refunding Series 2006A: 3,300 4.375%, 1/01/35 (Mandatory Put 7/01/22) No Opt. Call N/R 3,354,219 560 3.500%, 4/01/41 (5) No Opt. Call N/R 700 1,440 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 1,800 Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2005A, 4.000%, 1/01/35 (5) 1,025 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 1,281 Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series 2008A, 2.700%, 4/01/35 (5) 5,355 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 6,694 Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2006B, 3.500%, 12/01/35 (5) 1,555 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue 4/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,606,346 Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Project, Series 2008B, 3.750%, 10/01/47 (Mandatory Put 4/01/21) 2,565 Berks County Municipal Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Alvernia University 10/29 at 100.00 BB+ 2,830,734 Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 10/01/49 3,100 Berks County Municipal Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Reading Hospital & 5/22 at 100.00 B+ 3,133,232 Medical Center Project, Series 2012A, 5.000%, 11/01/44 1,000 Chester County Health and Education Facilities Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, 12/25 at 100.00 N/R 1,048,010 Simpson Senior Services Project, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 12/01/30 Chester County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Collegium Chater School Project, Series 2017A: 1,870 5.125%, 10/15/37 4/27 at 100.00 BB 2,103,507 3,250 5.250%, 10/15/47 4/27 at 100.00 BB 3,618,712 Cumberland County Municipal Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Asbury Pennsylvania Obligated Group, Refunding Series 2019: 2,160 5.000%, 1/01/39 1/25 at 104.00 N/R 2,368,699 1,240 5.000%, 1/01/45 1/25 at 104.00 N/R 1,352,642 3,555 Dauphin County General Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Harrisburg University of 10/28 at 100.00 BB 4,370,304 Science & Technology Project, Series 2020, 6.250%, 10/15/53, 144A 1,720 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,844,408 KDC Agribusiness Fairless Hills LLC Project, Series 2020A-1, 10.000%, 12/01/40, 144A 1,720 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,844,408 KDC Agribusiness Fairless Hills LLC Project, Series 2020A-2, 10.000%, 12/01/40 (AMT), 144A 1,270 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 1,264,501 KDC Agribusiness Fairless Hills LLC Project, Series 2021A, 10.000%, 12/01/31 7,950 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue 9/25 at 100.00 CCC 6,083,737 Refunding Bonds, PPL Energy Supply, LLC Project, Series 2009A, 6.400%, 12/01/38 1,025 Pennsylvania Higher Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, University of the 11/25 at 100.00 BBB 1,175,706 Sciences in Philadelphia, Series 2015A, 5.000%, 11/01/27 146 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Pennsylvania (continued) $ 545 Philadelphia Authority for Industrial Development, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Mariana 12/27 at 100.00 N/R $ 580,877 Bracetti Academy Project, Series 2020A, 5.375%, 6/15/50, 144A 61,250 Total Pennsylvania 55,729,184 Puerto Rico – 13.8% (8.9% of Total Investments) Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2012A: 2,415 5.000%, 7/01/33 7/22 at 100.00 CCC 2,489,092 2,085 6.000%, 7/01/47 7/22 at 100.00 CCC 2,162,333 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2012A: 2,070 3.957%, 7/01/29 (5) 7/22 at 100.00 D 2,028,600 3,170 3.957%, 7/01/42 (5) 7/22 at 100.00 D 3,106,600 1,000 3.961%, 7/01/42 (5) 7/22 at 100.00 D 980,000 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2007TT: 130 3.957%, 7/01/22 (5) 6/21 at 100.00 N/R 127,400 3,750 3.957%, 7/01/26 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 3,675,000 310 3.957%, 7/01/32 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 303,800 1,860 3.957%, 7/01/37 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 1,822,800 1,750 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2007VV, 5.250%, No Opt. Call D 1,898,698 7/01/32 – NPFG Insured Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2010AAA: 1,124 3.978%, 7/01/28 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 1,105,735 468 3.978%, 7/01/29 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 460,395 346 3.978%, 7/01/31 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 340,378 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2010CCC: 2,995 3.957%, 7/01/28 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 2,935,100 500 3.978%, 7/01/28 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 491,875 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2010XX: 100 3.978%, 7/01/27 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 98,375 4,000 3.978%, 7/01/35 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 3,935,000 400 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2010ZZ, 11/21 at 100.00 D 393,500 3.978%, 7/01/24 (5) Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2013A: 5,000 4.123%, 7/01/33 (5) 7/23 at 100.00 D 5,043,750 10,000 4.102%, 7/01/36 (5) 7/23 at 100.00 D 10,062,500 1,000 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2016A-4-RSA-1, No Opt. Call N/R 1,030,000 4.371%, 7/01/21 (5) Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series WW: 190 3.988%, 7/01/22 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 187,150 373 3.988%, 7/01/23 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 367,405 25 3.978%, 7/01/33 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 24,594 2,525 Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation Authority, Highway Revenue Bonds, Series 2005L, No Opt. Call Baa2 2,744,776 5.250%, 7/01/35 – NPFG Insured 3,000 Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation Authority, Highway Revenue Bonds, Series 2007N, No Opt. Call A3 3,239,340 5.250%, 7/01/36 – AGC Insured 5,465 Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority, Guaranteed Government Facilities Revenue Bonds, 7/22 at 100.00 N/R 5,451,337 Series 2012U, 1.630%, 7/01/42 (5) Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Restructured 2018A-1: 22,095 0.010%, 7/01/46 7/28 at 41.38 N/R 7,202,764 49,582 0.000%, 7/01/51 7/28 at 30.01 N/R 11,739,610 – (8) 5.000%, 7/01/58 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 88 42,865 Puerto Rico, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2014A, 1.990%, 7/01/35 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 37,828,362 500 University of Puerto Rico, University System Revenue Bonds, Series 2006Q, 11/21 at 100.00 CC 496,250 5.000%, 6/01/24 171,093 Total Puerto Rico 113,772,607 147 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value South Carolina – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) $ 430 Berkeley County, South Carolina, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Nexton Improvement 11/29 at 100.00 N/R $ 476,272 District, Series 2019, 4.375%, 11/01/49 400 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, 1/30 at 100.00 N/R 416,008 Hilton Head Christian Academy, Series 2020, 5.000%, 1/01/55, 144A 830 Total South Carolina 892,280 Tennessee – 0.8% (0.5% of Total Investments) 1,000 Bristol Industrial Development Board, Tennessee, State Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Pinnacle No Opt. Call N/R 589,020 Project, Capital Appreciation Series 2016B, 0.010%, 12/01/31, 144A 4,000 Bristol Industrial Development Board, Tennessee, State Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Pinnacle 12/26 at 100.00 N/R 3,794,080 Project, Series 2016A, 5.125%, 12/01/42, 144A 2,000 Knox County Health, Educational, and Housing Facilities Board, Tennessee, Revenue Bonds, 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 830,000 Provision Center for Proton Therapy Project, Series 2014, 5.250%, 5/01/25, 144A (5) 1,000 Memphis/Shelby County Economic Development Growth Engine Industrial Development Board, 7/27 at 100.00 N/R 940,610 Tennessee, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Graceland Project, Senior Series 2017A, 5.625%, 1/01/46 1,500 The Health and Educational Facilities Board of the City of Franklin, Tennessee, Revenue No Opt. Call N/R 450,000 Bonds, Provision Cares Proton Therapy Center, Nashville Project, Series 2017A, 6.500%, 6/01/27, 144A (5) 9,500 Total Tennessee 6,603,710 Texas – 2.6% (1.7% of Total Investments) Austin Convention Enterprises Inc., Texas, Convention Center Hotel Revenue Bonds, Refunding First Tier Series 2017A: 500 5.000%, 1/01/31 1/27 at 100.00 BB+ 561,815 500 5.000%, 1/01/32 1/27 at 100.00 BB+ 561,295 Austin Convention Enterprises Inc., Texas, Convention Center Hotel Revenue Bonds, Refunding Second Tier Series 2017B: 540 5.000%, 1/01/25 No Opt. Call B 581,013 475 5.000%, 1/01/29 1/27 at 100.00 B 518,914 850 5.000%, 1/01/34 1/27 at 100.00 B 914,294 4,665 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, Continental Airlines 11/21 at 100.00 B 4,690,704 Inc. – Terminal Improvement Project, Refunding Series 2011, 6.500%, 7/15/30 (AMT) 650 Houston, Texas, Airport System Special Facilities Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, Inc. 7/24 at 100.00 B 704,684 Terminal E Project, Refunding Series 2014, 5.000%, 7/01/29 (AMT) 250 Leander, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Deerbrooke Public Improvement District 9/26 at 100.00 N/R 257,595 Southern Improvement Area Project, Series 2017, 4.750%, 9/01/37, 144A 200 Manor, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Lagos Public Improvement District Major 9/30 at 100.00 N/R 217,020 Improvement Area Project, Series 2020, 4.625%, 9/15/49, 144A 520 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Education Revenue 8/24 at 100.00 N/R 540,904 Bonds, Beta Academy, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 8/15/49, 144A 5,795 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Senior Living Revenue 1/28 at 103.00 N/R 5,627,872 Bonds, Sanctuary LTC LLC Project, Series 2021A-1, 5.500%, 1/01/57 625 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/26 at 100.00 N/R (14) 741,050 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Corpus Christi II, L.L.C.-Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi Project, Series, 5.000%, 4/01/48 (Pre-refunded 4/01/26) 400 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Student Housing 4/24 at 100.00 N/R (14) 442,016 Revenue Bonds, CHF-Collegiate Housing Galveston-Texas A&M University at Galveston Project, Series 2014A, 5.000%, 4/01/29 (Pre-refunded 4/01/24) 110 North Richland Hills, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, City Point Public 9/30 at 100.00 N/R 117,974 Improvement District Zone B Project, Series 2019, 5.375%, 9/01/50, 144A 145 Royse City, Rockwall County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Waterscape Public 9/27 at 100.00 N/R 156,693 improvement District Improvement Area 2 Project, Series 2019, 4.750%, 9/15/49, 144A 148 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) $ 1,930 Tarrant County Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Retirement 11/25 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,100,100 Facility Revenue Bonds, Buckingham Senior Living Community, Inc. Project, Series 2015A, 0.000%, 11/15/35 (5) Tarrant County Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Retirement Facility Revenue Bonds, C.C. Young Memorial Home Project, Series 2016A: 1,000 6.375%, 2/15/41 (5) 2/27 at 100.00 N/R 700,000 4,575 6.375%, 2/15/48 (5) 2/27 at 100.00 N/R 3,202,500 23,730 Total Texas 21,636,443 Utah – 0.4% (0.2% of Total Investments) 2,000 Military Installation Development Authority, Tax Allocation Revenue Bonds, Series 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,913,800 2021A-2, 4.000%, 6/01/52 1,000 Utah Charter School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Leadership Learning 6/27 at 102.00 N/R 1,086,970 Academy Project, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 6/15/50, 144A 3,000 Total Utah 3,000,770 Virgin Islands – 3.6% (2.3% of Total Investments) 710 Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority, Gross Receipts Taxes Loan Note, Refunding 10/22 at 100.00 N/R 704,078 Series 2012A, 5.000%, 10/01/32 16,000 Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority, Gross Receipts Taxes Loan Note, Refunding 10/24 at 100.00 N/R 15,942,400 Series 2014C, 5.000%, 10/01/30 435 Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority, Gross Receipts Taxes Loan Note, Working Capital No Opt. Call N/R 437,297 Series 2014A, 5.000%, 10/01/24 1,000 Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority, Matching Fund Loan Notes Revenue Bonds, 11/21 at 100.00 Caa3 985,190 Subordinate Lien Series 2010B, 5.250%, 10/01/29 11,685 Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority, Matching Fund Revenue Loan Note – Diageo 11/21 at 100.00 Caa3 11,780,116 Project, Series 2009A, 6.625%, 10/01/29 29,830 Total Virgin Islands 29,849,081 Virginia – 1.2% (0.8% of Total Investments) Roanoke Economic Development Authority, Virginia Residential Care Facility Revenue Bonds, Richfield Living, Series 2020: 5,870 5.000%, 9/01/50 (5) 9/27 at 103.00 N/R 5,253,239 4,840 5.125%, 9/01/55 (5) 9/27 at 103.00 N/R 4,357,694 538 Virginia Small Business Finance Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call N/R 572,605 Provident Resource Group – Rixey Student Housing Project, Series 2019B, 6.525%, 7/01/52, 144A (cash 7.500%, PIK 7.500%) 11,248 Total Virginia 10,183,538 Washington – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 1,125 Port of Seattle Industrial Development Corporation, Washington, Special Facilities 4/23 at 100.00 BB 1,187,753 Revenue Refunding Bonds, Delta Air Lines, Inc. Project, Series 2012, 5.000%, 4/01/30 (AMT) 1,000 Washington State Housing Finance Commission, Nonprofit Housing Revenue Bonds, Rockwood 1/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,057,230 Retirement Communities Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 1/01/51, 144A 2,125 Total Washington 2,244,983 West Virginia – 0.6% (0.4% of Total Investments) Monongalia County Commission, West Virginia, Special District Excise Tax Revenue Bonds, University Town Centre Economic Opportunity Development District, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017A: 3,000 5.500%, 6/01/37, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 3,409,050 625 5.750%, 6/01/43, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 711,319 1,000 West Virginia Economic Development Authority, Solid Waste Disposal Facilities Revenue 1/25 at 100.00 B 1,052,540 Bonds, Arch Resources Project, Series 2021, 4.125%, 7/01/45 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 7/01/25) 4,625 Total West Virginia 5,172,909 149 Table of Contents NMCO Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Wisconsin – 8.5% (5.5% of Total Investments) Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, 21st Century Public Academy Project, Series 2020A: $ 750 5.000%, 6/01/40, 144A 6/28 at 102.00 N/R $ 813,187 1,340 5.000%, 6/01/49, 144A 6/28 at 102.00 N/R 1,429,445 365 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Corvian Community 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 384,962 School Bonds, North Carolina, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 6/15/49, 144A Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, North Carolina Charter Educational Foundation Project, Series 2016A: 3,000 5.000%, 6/15/36, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 3,117,540 4,240 5.000%, 6/15/46, 144A 6/26 at 100.00 N/R 4,348,629 2,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Lake Erie 10/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,093,160 College, Series 2019A, 5.875%, 10/01/54, 144A Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Limited Obligation Grant Revenue Bonds, American Dream @ Meadowlands Project, Series 2017A: 12,695 6.250%, 8/01/27, 144A No Opt. Call N/R 13,562,830 1,125 6.750%, 8/01/31, 144A No Opt. Call N/R 1,197,551 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Limited Obligation PILOT Revenue Bonds, American Dream @ Meadowlands Project, Series 2017: 555 6.500%, 12/01/37, 144A 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 599,966 13,915 7.000%, 12/01/50, 144A 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 15,273,939 215 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Retirement Facility Revenue Bonds, Shalom Park No Opt. Call N/R 150,171 Development Project, Series 2019, 0.000%, 12/31/24, 144A 1,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Alabama Proton Therapy Center, 10/27 at 100.00 N/R 652,500 Senior Series 2017B, 8.500%, 10/01/47, 144A Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Prime Healthcare Foundation, Inc., Series 2017A: 255 5.000%, 12/01/27 No Opt. Call BBB– 284,057 1,765 5.200%, 12/01/37 12/27 at 100.00 BBB– 2,087,942 2,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Procure Proton Therapy Center, 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,913,200 Senior Series 2018A, 7.000%, 7/01/48, 144A 635 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Roseman University of Health 4/30 at 100.00 BB 740,093 Sciences, Series 2020, 5.000%, 4/01/50, 144A 5,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Sky Harbour LLC Obligated Group 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 5,151,000 Aviation Facilities Project, Series 2021, 4.250%, 7/01/54 (AMT) Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Senior Revenue Bonds, Maryland Proton Treatment Center, Series 2018A-1: 5,885 6.125%, 1/01/33, 144A 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 4,829,290 250 6.250%, 1/01/38, 144A 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 197,333 8,735 6.375%, 1/01/48, 144A 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 6,650,742 4,500 Wisconsin Center District, Dedicated Tax Revenue Bonds, Supported by State Moral 12/30 at 29.95 A1 1,014,975 Obligation Junior Series 2020D, 0.000%, 12/15/60 – AGM Insured 3,000 Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Saint 11/26 at 103.00 N/R 3,306,660 Camillus Health System Inc, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 11/01/54 73,225 Total Wisconsin 69,799,172 $ 1,645,656 Total Municipal Bonds (cost $1,158,304,278) 1,233,721,948 Shares Description (1) Value COMMON STOCKS – 5.0% (3.2% of Total Investments) Electric Utilities – 5.0% (3.2% of Total Investments) 859,113 Energy Harbor Corp (9), (10), (11) $ 41,130,035 Total Common Stocks (cost $24,407,228) 41,130,035 150 Table of Contents Shares Description (1) Value EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 32 VanEck Vectors High Yield Muni ETF $ 1,986,880 Total Exchange-Traded Funds (cost $2,058,659) 1,986,880 Total Long-Term Investments (cost $1,184,770,165) 1,276,838,863 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) MUNICIPAL BONDS – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) Illinois – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) $ 962 Yorkville United City, Kendall County, Illinois, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Kendall Marketplace 11/21 at 100.00 N/R $ 865,417 Project, Series 2007, 6.000%, 1/01/26 (5), (12) $ 962 Total Short-Term Investments (cost $798,107) 865,417 Total Investments (cost $1,185,568,272)–155.0% 1,277,704,280 Floating Rate Obligations – (3.1)% (25,822,000) MuniFund Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs – (54.5)% (13) (448,908,240) Other Assets Less Liabilities – 2.6% 21,297,334 Net Assets Applicable to Common Shares – 100% $ 824,271,374 (1) All percentages shown in the Portfolio of Investments are based on net assets applicable
to common shares unless otherwise noted. (2) Optional Call Provisions: Dates (month and year) and prices of the earliest optional call
or redemption. There may be other call provisions at varying prices at later dates. Certain mortgage-backed securities may be subject
to periodic principal paydowns. Optional Call Provisions are not covered by the report of independent registered public accounting firm. (3) The ratings disclosed are the lowest of Standard & Poor’s Group (“Standard
& Poor’s”), Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) or Fitch, Inc. (“Fitch”)
rating. Ratings below BBB by Standard & Poor’s, Baa by Moody’s or BBB by Fitch are considered to be below investment
grade. Holdings designated N/R are not rated by any of these national rating agencies. Ratings are not covered by the report of independent
registered public accounting firm. (4) Investment valued at fair value using methods determined in good faith by, or at the discretion
of, the Board. For fair value measurement disclosure purposes, investment classified as Level 3. (5) Defaulted security. A security whose issuer has failed to fully pay principal and/or interest
when due, or is under the protection of bankruptcy. (6) Step-up coupon bond, a bond with a coupon that increases ("steps up"), usually
at regular intervals, while the bond is outstanding. The rate shown is the coupon as of the end of the reporting period. (7) Investment, or portion of investment, has been pledged to collateralize the net payment obligations
for investments in inverse floating rate transactions. (8) Principal Amount (000) rounds to less than $1,000. (9) Common Stock received as part of the bankruptcy settlements during February 2020 Beaver County
Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Refunding Series
2005A, 4.000%, 1/01/35, Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy
Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2006A, 3.500%, 4/01/41, Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control
Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2006B, 3.500%, 12/01/35, Beaver County Industrial Development
Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generation Project, Series 2008A, 2.700%, 4/01/35,
Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Air Quality Development Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Corporation Project, Series
2009A, 5.700%, 8/01/20, Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Corporation
Project, Refunding Series 2009B, 3.100%, 3/01/23, Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy
Generation Project, Refunding Series 2006A, 3.750%, 12/01/23, Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds,
FirstEnergy Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2006A, 3.000%, 5/15/20, Ohio Water Development Authority, Pollution Control
Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2006B, 4.000%, 12/01/33, Ohio Water Development Authority,
Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Nuclear Generating Corporation Project, Series 2010C, 4.000%, 6/01/33. (10) For fair value measurement disclosure purposes, investment classified as Level 2. (11) Non-income producing; issuer has not declared an ex-dividend date within the past twelve
months. (12) Investment has a maturity of greater than one year, but has variable rate and/or demand features
which qualify it as a short-term investment. The rate disclosed, as well as the reference rate and spread, where applicable, is that
in effect as of the end of the reporting period. This rate changes periodically based on market conditions or a specified market index. (13) MuniFund Preferred Shares, net of deferred offering costs as a percentage of Total Investments
is 35.1%. (14) Backed by an escrow or trust containing sufficient U.S. Government or U.S. Government agency
securities, which ensure the timely payment of principal and interest. 144A Investment is exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. These investments may only be resold in transactions exempt from registration, which are normally those transactions with qualified
institutional buyers. AMT Alternative Minimum Tax ETF Exchange-Traded Fund PIK Payment-in-kind (“PIK”) security. Depending on the terms of the security, income
may be received in the form of cash, securities, or a combination of both. The PIK rate shown, where applicable, represents the annualized
rate of the last PIK payment made by the issuer as of the end of the reporting period. UB Underlying bond of an inverse floating rate trust reflected as a financing transaction. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 151 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen
                                            Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS – 148.8% (100.0% of Total Investments) MUNICIPAL BONDS – 148.6% (99.9% of Total Investments) Alabama – 2.4% (1.6% of Total Investments) $ 3,000 Hoover Industrial Development Board, Alabama, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call B3 $ 3,783,870 United States Steel Corporation Project, Green Series 2020, 6.375%, 11/01/50 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 11/01/30) 11,920 Huntsville Healthcare Authority, Alabama, Revenue Bonds, Series 2020B, 3.000%, 6/01/50 – 6/30 at 100.00 A1 12,423,143 AGM Insured (UB) (4) 5,000 Mobile County, Alabama, Limited Obligation Warrants, Gomesa Projects, Series 2020, 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 5,382,650 4.000%, 11/01/45, 144A 19,920 Total Alabama 21,589,663 Alaska – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) 8,500 Northern Tobacco Securitization Corporation, Alaska, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/31 at 30.73 N/R 1,382,872 Bonds, Series 2021B-2 Class 2, 0.010%, 6/01/66 Arizona – 8.4% (5.6% of Total Investments) 565 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Doral 7/29 at 100.00 Ba1 605,991 Academy of Northern Nevada, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 7/15/56, 144A 2,580 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Heritage 7/28 at 103.00 N/R 2,580,800 Academy – Gateway and Laveen Projects, Series 2021B, 5.000%, 7/01/51, 144A 4,070 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Heritage 7/28 at 103.00 N/R 4,045,499 Academy – Gateway and Laveen Projects, Taxable Series 2021A, 5.000%, 7/01/51, 144A 1,000 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Heritage No Opt. Call N/R 1,000,080 Academy – Gateway and Laveen Projects, Taxable Series 2021C, 6.000%, 7/01/29, 144A Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Mater Academy of Nevada – Bonanza Campus Project, Series 2020A: 920 5.000%, 12/15/40, 144A 12/28 at 100.00 BB 1,051,707 1,500 5.000%, 12/15/50, 144A 12/28 at 100.00 BB 1,690,980 1,500 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, Social Bonds 7/28 at 100.00 BB– 1,605,915 ? Pensar Academy Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 7/01/55, 144A 6,035 Arizona Industrial Development Authority, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Phoenix Children’s 2/30 at 100.00 A 6,338,259 Hospital, Series 2020A, 3.000%, 2/01/45 (UB) (4) 1,090 Coconino County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Revenue Bonds, 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,134,254 Flagstaff Arts & Leadership Academy Project, Refunding Series 2020, 5.500%, 7/01/40, 144A 1,000 Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Educational Facilities 10/27 at 103.00 N/R 1,108,600 Revenue Bonds, Ottawa University Projects, Series 2020, 5.250%, 10/01/40, 144A 15,000 Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Revenue Bonds, Banner Health, 7/30 at 100.00 AA– 15,795,300 Series 2019E, 3.000%, 1/01/49 (UB) (4) Phoenix Civic Improvement Corporation, Arizona, Water System Revenue Bonds, Junior Lien Series 2021A: 1,625 5.000%, 7/01/36 7/31 at 100.00 Aa2 2,146,137 1,875 5.000%, 7/01/37 7/31 at 100.00 Aa2 2,469,206 2,440 5.000%, 7/01/38 7/31 at 100.00 Aa2 3,205,794 2,585 5.000%, 7/01/39 7/31 at 100.00 Aa2 3,387,823 1,420 4.000%, 7/01/40 7/31 at 100.00 Aa2 1,708,942 1,060 4.000%, 7/01/41 7/31 at 100.00 Aa2 1,272,170 1,695 4.000%, 7/01/42 7/31 at 100.00 Aa2 2,020,016 3,405 Phoenix Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 9/30 at 100.00 Ba2 3,749,143 Northwest Christian School Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 9/01/55, 144A 152 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Arizona (continued) Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, Edkey Charter Schools Project, Refunding Series 2020: $ 5,265 5.000%, 7/01/35, 144A 7/26 at 103.00 N/R $ 5,784,392 6,800 5.000%, 7/01/40, 144A 7/26 at 103.00 N/R 7,420,908 4,580 Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Education Facility Revenue Bonds, 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 4,857,502 Synergy Public Charter School Project, Series 2020-1, 5.000%, 6/15/50, 144A Pima County Industrial Development Authority, Arizona, Revenue Bonds, Tucson Medical Center, Series 2021A: 325 4.000%, 4/01/36 4/31 at 100.00 A 386,529 400 4.000%, 4/01/39 4/31 at 100.00 A 472,080 150 4.000%, 4/01/40 4/31 at 100.00 A 176,232 650 4.000%, 4/01/41 4/31 at 100.00 A 760,403 69,535 Total Arizona 76,774,662 Arkansas – 2.4% (1.6% of Total Investments) 3,000 Arkansas Development Finance Authority, Industrial Development Revenue Bonds, Big River 9/26 at 103.00 B 3,268,920 Steel Project, Series 2019, 4.500%, 9/01/49 (AMT), 144A 17,000 Arkansas Development Finance Authority, Industrial Development Revenue Bonds, Big River 9/27 at 103.00 B 18,941,230 Steel Project, Series 2020A, 4.750%, 9/01/49 (AMT), 144A 20,000 Total Arkansas 22,210,150 California – 20.2% (13.6% of Total Investments) 3,815 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 3,974,391 Creekwood, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 2/01/56, 144A 3,520 California Community Housing Agency, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 3,678,928 Glendale Properties, Junior Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 8/01/47, 144A 10,000 California County Tobacco Securitization Agency, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Bonds, 12/30 at 34.02 N/R 2,384,700 Sonoma County Tobacco Securitization Corporation, Series 2020B-2, 0.010%, 6/01/55 1,500 California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Lucile Salter Packard 5/32 at 100.00 A+ 1,710,165 Children’s Hospital at Stanford, Refunding Series 2022A. Forward Delivery, 4.000%, 5/15/46 (WI/DD, Settling 5/17/22) California Health Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, CommonSpirit Health, Series 2020A: 5,000 4.000%, 4/01/44 (UB) (4) 4/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 5,727,950 8,000 4.000%, 4/01/45 (UB) (4) 4/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 9,122,480 4,010 4.000%, 4/01/49 (UB) (4) 4/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,564,703 3,575 California Housing Finance Agency, Municipal Certificate Revenue Bonds, Class A Series No Opt. Call BBB+ 4,123,640 2021-1, 3.500%, 11/20/35 1,250 California Infrastructure and Economic Development Bank Infrastructure State, Revolving 10/30 at 100.00 AAA 1,251,663 Fund Revenue Bonds, Tax Series 2020A, 2.786%, 10/01/43 15,500 California Infrastructure and Economic Development Bank, Revenue Bonds, Los Angeles 7/30 at 100.00 A2 16,122,945 County Museum of Natural History Foundation, Series 2020, 3.000%, 7/01/50 (UB) (4) 250 California Infrastructure and Economic Development Bank, Revenue Bonds, WFCS Portfolio 1/31 at 100.00 N/R 276,690 Projects, Senior Series 2021A-1, 5.000%, 1/01/56, 144A 5,000 California Municipal Finance Authority, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, United Airlines, No Opt. Call B+ 5,636,400 Inc. Los Angeles International Airport Project, Series 2019, 4.000%, 7/15/29 (AMT) 5,000 California Public Finance Authority, Charter School Lease Revenue Bonds, California 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 5,280,950 Crosspoint Academy Project, Series 2020A, 5.125%, 7/01/55, 144A 465 California Public Finance Authority, Senior Living Revenue Bonds, Enso Village, 11/29 at 102.00 N/R 527,189 Refunding Green Series 2021A, 5.000%, 11/15/51, 144A 2,000 California School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Scholarship Prep 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 2,033,540 Public Schools ? Obligated Group, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 6/01/60, 144A California State Public Works Board, Lease Revenue Bonds, Various Capital Projects, Refunding Series 2022A: 2,500 5.000%, 8/01/28 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) No Opt. Call A+ 3,079,050 2,000 5.000%, 8/01/29 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) No Opt. Call A+ 2,526,420 2,500 5.000%, 8/01/30 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) No Opt. Call A+ 3,207,750 153 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) California State Public Works Board, Lease Revenue Bonds, Various Capital Projects, Series 2021B: $ 1,000 4.000%, 5/01/37 5/31 at 100.00 A+ $ 1,196,090 1,500 4.000%, 5/01/41 5/31 at 100.00 A+ 1,766,775 4,510 California State, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Various Purpose Series 2021, 4/31 at 100.00 AA– 5,361,127 4.000%, 10/01/41 9,750 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, California, Revenue Bonds, Loma 12/24 at 100.00 BB– 11,029,297 Linda University Medical Center, Series 2014A, 5.500%, 12/01/54 3,000 California Statewide Communities Development Authority, Revenue Bonds, Emanate Health, 4/30 at 100.00 A 3,122,100 Series 2020A, 3.000%, 4/01/50 1,000 CMFA Special Finance Agency VII, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, Junior 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,036,760 Lien Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 8/01/47, 144A 2,000 CMFA Special Finance Agency VII, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, Senior 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,849,100 Lien Series 2021A-1, 3.000%, 8/01/56, 144A 6,180 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 1/31 at 100.00 N/R 6,957,815 Center City Anaheim, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 1/01/54, 144A 445 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 438,218 Oceanaire-Long Beach, Series 2021A-1, 3.200%, 9/01/46, 144A 910 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 949,057 Parallel-Anaheim Series 2021A, 4.000%, 8/01/56, 144A 500 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 12/31 at 100.00 N/R 517,195 Pasadena Portfolio Social Bond, Mezzanine Senior Series 2021B, 4.000%, 12/01/56, 144A 2,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 12/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,860,060 Pasadena Portfolio Social Bond, Series 2021A-2, 3.000%, 12/01/56 1,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,127,290 Renaissance at City Center, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/51, 144A 2,000 CSCDA Community Improvement Authority, California, Essential Housing Revenue Bonds, 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,069,680 Union South Bay, Series 2021A-2, 4.000%, 7/01/56, 144A Fairfield, California, Certificates of Participation, Fairfield Water Financing Series 2007A: 1,915 0.000%, 4/01/36 – SYNCORA GTY Insured No Opt. Call AA 1,394,216 2,990 0.000%, 4/01/37 – SYNCORA GTY Insured No Opt. Call AA 2,111,418 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Enhanced Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Revenue Bonds, Taxable Series 2021B: 2,145 1.886%, 6/01/27 No Opt. Call A+ 2,140,302 3,015 2.246%, 6/01/29 No Opt. Call A+ 3,018,136 6,650 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 6,809,666 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2018A-1, 5.000%, 6/01/47 6,300 Golden State Tobacco Securitization Corporation, California, Tobacco Settlement 6/22 at 100.00 N/R 6,451,263 Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2018A-2, 5.000%, 6/01/47 Huntington Beach, California, Pension Obligation Bonds, Taxable Series 2021: 1,125 1.911%, 6/15/28 – BAM Insured No Opt. Call AA+ 1,114,909 4,830 2.963%, 6/15/36 – BAM Insured 6/31 at 100.00 AA+ 4,924,620 10,000 Lodi Unified School District, San Joaquin County, California, General Obligation Bonds, 8/30 at 100.00 Aa2 10,516,000 Election 2016 Series 2021, 3.000%, 8/01/46 (UB) (4) Los Angeles County Public Works Financing Authority, California, Lease Revenue Bonds, Green Series 2021F: 2,000 5.000%, 12/01/38 12/31 at 100.00 Aa2 2,615,700 655 4.000%, 12/01/39 12/31 at 100.00 Aa2 789,282 565 4.000%, 12/01/40 12/31 at 100.00 Aa2 677,000 565 4.000%, 12/01/41 12/31 at 100.00 Aa2 675,062 3,435 4.000%, 12/01/46 12/31 at 100.00 Aa2 4,047,701 1,885 Los Angeles Municipal Improvement Corporation, California, Lease Revenue Bonds, Capital No Opt. Call AA– 1,857,404 Equipment Program, Refunding Series 2021A, 1.648%, 11/01/28 154 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value California (continued) $ 995 Northstar Community Services District, California, Special Tax Bonds, Community 3/22 at 100.00 N/R $ 507,450 Facilities District 1, Series 2006, 5.000%, 9/01/37 (5) 5,000 Oakland Unified School District, Alameda County, California, General Obligation Bonds, 8/31 at 100.00 A1 5,113,450 Taxable Refunding Series 2021, 2.774%, 8/01/34 – BAM Insured (WI/DD, Settling 11/03/21) 1,575 Palomar Community College District, San Diego County, California, General Obligation 8/40 at 100.00 AA 1,714,529 Bonds, Series 2010B, 6.375%, 8/01/45 (6) 5,345 Palomar Pomerado Health, California, General Obligation Bonds, Convertible Capital No Opt. Call A2 3,505,946 Appreciation, Election 2004 Series 2010A, 0.000%, 8/01/39 – AGM Insured Ravenswood City School District, San Diego County, California, General Obligation Bonds, Election 2018 Series 2021A: 150 4.000%, 8/01/36 8/29 at 100.00 AAA 176,919 520 4.000%, 8/01/37 8/29 at 100.00 AAA 611,827 370 4.000%, 8/01/39 8/29 at 100.00 AAA 433,562 320 4.000%, 8/01/41 8/29 at 100.00 AAA 373,446 750 San Francisco Community College District, California, General Obligation Bonds, Taxable 6/30 at 100.00 A1 776,925 Election 2020 Series 2020A-1, 3.165%, 6/15/41 750 San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency, California, Revenue Bonds, Taxable No Opt. Call AA– 732,008 Refunding Series 2021A, 1.302%, 3/01/28 San Jose, California, Airport Revenue Bonds, Taxable Refunding Series 2021C: 500 1.882%, 3/01/28 No Opt. Call A– 495,230 290 2.310%, 3/01/30 No Opt. Call A– 291,102 1,750 2.960%, 3/01/36 3/31 at 100.00 A– 1,786,540 2,000 3.060%, 3/01/37 3/31 at 100.00 A– 2,041,400 420 3.290%, 3/01/41 3/31 at 100.00 A– 424,166 University of California, General Revenue Bonds, Taxable Series 2021BI: 1,000 1.272%, 5/15/27 No Opt. Call AA 982,660 1,360 1.372%, 5/15/28 No Opt. Call AA 1,326,122 182,850 Total California 184,946,079 Colorado – 12.2% (8.2% of Total Investments) 2,370 64th Avenue ARI Authority, Adams County, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2020, 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 2,541,304 6.500%, 12/01/43 500 Alpine Mountain Ranch Metropolitan District, Routt County, Colorado, Special Assessment 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 485,665 Revenue Bonds, Special Improvement District 1, Refunding Series 2021, 4.000%, 12/01/40 1,240 Arista Metropolitan District, Broomfield County, Colorado, General Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 1,327,581 Refunding & Improvement Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2018A, 5.000%, 12/01/38 1,060 Aurora Crossroads Metropolitan District 2, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation 9/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,143,528 Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/50 2,285 Aurora Crossroads Metropolitan District 2, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation 9/25 at 103.00 N/R 2,352,796 Bonds, Subordinate Series 2020B, 7.750%, 12/15/50 500 Aviation Station North Metropolitan District 2, Denver County, Colorado, Limited Tax 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 528,285 General Obligation Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2019A, 4.000%, 12/01/29 1,725 Belford North Metropolitan District, Douglas County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,871,884 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.500%, 12/01/50 1,000 Bennett Ranch Metropolitan District 1, Adams County, Colorado, General Obligation 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,072,960 Limited Tax Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2021A, 5.000%, 12/01/51 745 Blue Lake Metropolitan District 3, Lochbuie, Weld County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 761,271 Obligation Bonds, Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2018A, 5.250%, 12/01/48 500 Broadway Park North Metropolitan District 2, Denver, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 548,350 Obligation Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2020, 5.000%, 12/01/40, 144A 1,500 Canyons Metropolitan District 5, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,127,220 Obligation and Special Revenue Bonds, Junior Subordinate Series 2016, 7.000%, 12/15/57 500 Castle Pines Commercial Metropolitan District 1, Castle Rock, Colorado, Limited Tax 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 500,525 Supported Revenue Bonds, Series 2015, 5.000%, 12/01/39 155 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 500 Centerra Metropolitan District 1, Loveland, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & No Opt. Call N/R $ 516,490 Improvement Series 2017, 5.000%, 12/01/22, 144A 2,755 Centerra Metropolitan District 1, Loveland, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 2,993,555 Improvement Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/51 1,450 Citadel on Colfax Business Improvement District, Aurora, Colorado, Special Revenue and 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,561,896 Tax Supported Bonds, Senior Series 2020A, 5.350%, 12/01/50 2,700 Colorado Bridge Enterprise, Revenue Bonds, Central 70 Project, Senior Series 2017, 12/27 at 100.00 A– 2,988,171 4.000%, 6/30/51 (AMT) Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, New Summit Charter Academy Project, Series 2021A: 100 4.000%, 7/01/41, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 106,601 100 4.000%, 7/01/51, 144A 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 105,071 1,000 Colorado Educational and Cultural Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Global Village 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,068,410 Academy – Northglenn Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 12/01/55, 144A 500 Colorado Health Facilities Authority, Colorado, Revenue Bonds, Cappella of Grand 12/26 at 103.00 N/R 504,275 Junction Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 12/01/54, 144A 16,000 Colorado International Center Metropolitan District 8, Adams County, Colorado, Limited 9/25 at 103.00 N/R 16,922,080 Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2020, 6.500%, 12/01/50 6,500 Crystal Valley Metropolitan District 2, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/30 at 100.00 A2 6,724,640 Obligation Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2020A, 3.000%, 12/01/49 – AGM Insured (UB) (4) 1,000 Dacono Urban Renewal Authority, Weld County, Colorado, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,061,380 Series 2020, 6.250%, 12/01/39 1,000 Foothills Metropolitan District, Fort Collins, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 12/24 at 100.00 N/R 1,028,460 2014, 6.000%, 12/01/38 1,130 Fourth Street Crossing Business Improvement District, Silverthorne, Summit County, 6/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,211,145 Colorado, Special Revenue and Tax Supported Bonds, Senior Series 2019A, 5.125%, 12/01/38, 144A 2,000 Future Legends Sports Park Metropolitan District 2, Colorado, Limited Tax General 6/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,982,800 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.500%, 6/01/50, 144A 1,000 Great Western Metropolitan District 5, Colorado, General Obligation Limited Tax Revenue 12/25 at 102.00 N/R 1,078,390 Bonds, Refunding Series 2020, 4.750%, 12/01/50 5,250 Jefferson Center Metropolitan District 1, Arvada, Jefferson County, Colorado, Special 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 5,584,477 Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Series 2020B, 5.750%, 12/15/50 2,000 Jones District Community Authority Board, Centennial, Colorado, Special Revenue 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,765,260 Convertible Capital Appreciation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.750%, 12/01/50 1,000 Kinston Metropolitan District 5, Loveland, Larimer County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,083,300 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.125%, 12/01/50 1,380 Lanterns Metropolitan District 1, Castle Rock, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax 9/24 at 103.00 N/R 1,486,412 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2019A, 5.000%, 12/01/39 Mayberry Community Authority, Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado, Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A: 500 5.000%, 12/01/41 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 523,405 500 5.000%, 4/15/51 6/26 at 103.00 N/R 516,210 500 Meadowbrook Heights Metropolitan District, Jefferson County, Colorado, General 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 494,535 Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2021A(3), 4.875%, 12/01/51 1,000 North Range Metropolitan District 3, Adams County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,098,070 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A-3, 5.250%, 12/01/50 1,810 Northfield Metropolitan District 2, Fort Collins, Larimer County, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,942,709 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/50 285 Peak Metropolitan District 1, Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado, Limited Tax 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 308,661 General Obligation Bonds, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 12/01/51, 144A 156 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Colorado (continued) $ 925 Pinon Pines Metropolitan District 2, El Paso County, Colorado, General Obligation 9/25 at 103.00 N/R $ 1,007,695 Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2020, 5.000%, 12/01/40 5,350 Rampart Range Metropolitan District 1, Lone Tree, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported and 12/27 at 100.00 A2 6,366,500 Special Revenue Bonds, Refunding & Improvement Series 2017, 5.000%, 12/01/47 Rampart Range Metropolitan District 5, Lone Tree, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported and Special Revenue Bonds, Series 2021: 1,000 4.000%, 12/01/41 10/26 at 102.00 N/R 1,019,100 1,620 4.000%, 12/01/51 10/26 at 102.00 N/R 1,639,489 500 Regional Transportation District, Colorado, Private Activity Bonds, Denver Transit 1/31 at 100.00 Baa1 582,790 Partners Eagle P3 Project, Series 2020A, 4.000%, 7/15/38 1,055 Sabell Metropolitan District, Arvada, Colorado, Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, 3/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,140,392 Convertible to Unlimited Tax Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/50, 144A 1,000 Sterling Ranch Community Authority Board, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/25 at 102.00 N/R 1,086,670 Supported District 2, Refunding & Improvement Senior Series 2020A, 3.750%, 12/01/40 750 Sterling Ranch Community Authority Board, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax 12/25 at 102.00 N/R 782,370 Supported District 2, Subordinate Series 2020B, 7.125%, 12/15/50 Sterling Ranch Metropolitan District 1, El Paso County, Colorado, General Obligation Limited Tax Bonds, Series 2020: 2,350 5.000%, 12/01/40 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 2,575,130 2,300 5.125%, 12/01/50 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 2,510,036 2,175 Sunlight Metropolitan District, Steamboat Springs, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 2,346,803 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020, 5.000%, 12/01/50 500 Tallman Gulch Metropolitan District, Douglas County, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/22 at 103.00 N/R 526,165 Obligation Refunding and Improvement Bonds, Subordinate Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, Series 2018A, 5.250%, 12/01/47 1,000 Transport Metropolitan District 3, In the City of Aurora, Adams County, Colorado, 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 892,650 General Obligation Limited Bonds, Convertible Capital Appreciation Series 2021A-2, 5.500%, 12/01/51 (6) 1,270 Transport Metropolitan District 3, In the City of Aurora, Adams County, Colorado, 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,414,704 General Obligation Limited Bonds, Series 2021A-1, 5.000%, 12/01/41 5,000 Velocity Metropolitan District 5, In the City of Aurora, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/23 at 81.31 N/R 3,634,750 Obligation Bonds, Convertible Capital Appreciation Series 2020A-2, 6.000%, 12/01/50 10,000 Velocity Metropolitan District 5, In the City of Aurora, Colorado, Limited Tax General 12/23 at 103.00 N/R 10,574,800 Obligation Bonds, Series 2020A-1, 5.375%, 12/01/50 1,000 Verve Metropolitan District 1, Jefferson County and the City and County of Broomfield, 3/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,082,600 Colorado, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding and Improvement Limited Tax Series 2021, 5.000%, 12/01/51 2,000 Windler Public Improvement Authority, Aurora, Colorado, Limited Tax Supported Revenue 9/26 at 103.00 N/R 1,924,840 Bonds, Series 2021A-1, 4.125%, 12/01/51, 144A 1,000 Woodmen Heights Metropolitan District 2, El Paso County, Colorado, General Obligation 12/25 at 103.00 N/R 1,080,390 Limited Tax Bonds, Taxable Converting to Tax-Exempt Refunding Subordinate Series 2020B-1, 6.250%, 12/15/40 106,680 Total Colorado 111,105,646 Connecticut – 1.0% (0.7% of Total Investments) 500 Connecticut Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Stamford No Opt. Call BBB+ 602,280 Hospital, Series 2021L-1, 4.000%, 7/01/30 Connecticut State, Special Tax Obligation Bonds, Transportation Infrastructure Purposes, Series 2020A: 3,750 5.000%, 5/01/37 5/30 at 100.00 AA– 4,769,475 750 5.000%, 5/01/38 5/30 at 100.00 AA– 951,900 Connecticut State, Special Tax Obligation Bonds, Transportation Infrastructure Purposes, Series 2021A: 1,605 4.000%, 5/01/36 5/31 at 100.00 AA– 1,915,985 1,015 5.000%, 5/01/41 5/31 at 100.00 AA– 1,303,463 7,620 Total Connecticut 9,543,103 157 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value District of Columbia – 1.7% (1.1% of Total Investments) Metropolitan Washington D.C. Airports Authority, Airport System Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2021A: $ 2,220 5.000%, 10/01/29 (AMT) No Opt. Call A+ $ 2,795,602 2,305 5.000%, 10/01/30 (AMT) No Opt. Call A+ 2,938,206 1,840 5.000%, 10/01/31 (AMT) No Opt. Call A+ 2,386,609 Washington Convention and Sports Authority, Washington D.C., Dedicated Tax Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2021A: 505 4.000%, 10/01/35 10/30 at 100.00 A+ 599,799 1,060 4.000%, 10/01/38 10/30 at 100.00 A+ 1,249,422 Washington Convention and Sports Authority, Washington D.C., Dedicated Tax Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2021B: 365 4.000%, 10/01/33 10/30 at 100.00 A+ 435,124 425 4.000%, 10/01/34 10/30 at 100.00 A+ 505,546 180 4.000%, 10/01/35 10/30 at 100.00 A+ 213,790 815 4.000%, 10/01/36 10/30 at 100.00 A+ 965,424 995 4.000%, 10/01/37 10/30 at 100.00 A+ 1,175,423 625 4.000%, 10/01/38 10/30 at 100.00 A+ 736,687 1,000 4.000%, 10/01/39 10/30 at 100.00 A+ 1,174,990 12,335 Total District of Columbia 15,176,622 Florida – 17.0% (11.4% of Total Investments) 1,000 Ave Maria Stewardship Community District, Florida, Bond Anticipation Notes, Phase 4 5/23 at 100.00 N/R 995,050 Master Improvements Project, Series 2021, 3.500%, 5/01/26, 144A 1,565 Ave Maria Stewardship Community District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,615,033 Ave Maria National Project, Series 2021, 3.750%, 5/01/41 500 Ave Maria Stewardship Community District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/32 at 100.00 N/R 520,015 Maple Ridge Phase 3 Master Improvements Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52, 144A 1,000 Babcock Ranch Community Independent Special District, Charlotte County, Florida, Special 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,035,190 Assessment Bonds, 2021 Project Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52, 144A 1,310 Banyan Cay Community Development District, West Palm Beach, Florida, Special Assessment 11/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,339,842 Bonds, 2020-1, 4.000%, 11/01/51 1,500 Belmont II Community Development District, Hillsborough County, Florida, Special 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,561,635 Assessment Revenue Bonds, 2020 Aessessment Area, Series 2020, 4.000%, 12/15/50 2,500 Broward County, Florida, Port Facilities Revenue Bonds, Series 2019B, 4.000%, 9/01/39 9/29 at 100.00 A 2,852,850 (AMT) (UB) (4) Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Educational Facilities Lease Revenue Bonds, South Tech Schools Project, Series 2020A: 1,235 5.000%, 6/15/40, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,323,500 1,260 5.000%, 6/15/55, 144A 6/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,333,193 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Babcock Neighborhood School Inc, Series 2021: 250 4.000%, 8/15/51, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 236,653 450 4.200%, 8/15/56, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 424,845 500 4.250%, 8/15/61, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 470,755 3,690 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, Educational Growth Fund, LLC, Charter 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 4,159,700 School Portfolio Projects, Series 2021A-1, 5.000%, 7/01/56, 144A 1,000 Capital Trust Agency, Florida, Revenue Bonds, St. Johns Classical Academy, Refunding 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,013,440 Series 2021A, 4.000%, 6/15/56, 144A Central Florida Expressway Authority, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2021: 1,070 4.000%, 7/01/34 – AGM Insured 7/31 at 100.00 AA 1,302,308 195 4.000%, 7/01/37 – AGM Insured 7/31 at 100.00 AA 234,427 600 4.000%, 7/01/38 – AGM Insured 7/31 at 100.00 AA 717,234 525 4.000%, 7/01/39 – AGM Insured 7/31 at 100.00 AA 627,002 6,285 Currents Community Development District, Collier County, Florida, Capital Improvement No Opt. Call N/R 6,744,245 Revenue Bonds, Series 2020B, 4.250%, 5/01/41, 144A 158 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 1,500 Cypress Park Estates Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue 5/32 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,560,360 Bonds, Assessment Area 1 Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 5/01/51, 144A 2,500 Cypress Preserve Community Development District, Pasco County, Florida, Special 11/29 at 100.00 N/R 2,608,400 Assessment Bonds, Assessment Area 2, Series 2019, 4.125%, 11/01/50 1,000 Edgewater East Community Development District, Osceola County, Florida, Special 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,038,430 Assessment Revenue Bonds, Assessment Area 1 Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/51 10,000 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Discovery 6/29 at 100.00 N/R 10,865,900 High School Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 6/01/55, 144A 1,100 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Mater 6/27 at 100.00 BBB 1,248,159 Academy Projects, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 6/15/50, 144A 500 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, River 7/28 at 100.00 Baa3 534,285 City Science Academy Projects, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 7/01/55 17,650 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Florida, Surface Transportation Facility 1/24 at 107.00 N/R 19,061,647 Revenue Bonds, Brightline Passenger Rail Project, Green Series 2019B, 7.375%, 1/01/49 (AMT), 144A 5,890 Florida Development Finance Corporation, Florida, Surface Transportation Facility 11/21 at 104.00 N/R 5,969,692 Revenue Bonds, Virgin Trains USA Passenger Rail Project , Series 2019A, 6.500%, 1/01/49 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 1/01/29), 144A Florida Development Finance Corporation, Healthcare Facilties Revenue Bonds, Lakeland Regional Health Systems, Series 2021: 1,265 4.000%, 11/15/35 11/31 at 100.00 A2 1,541,213 935 4.000%, 11/15/36 11/31 at 100.00 A2 1,134,174 1,190 4.000%, 11/15/37 11/31 at 100.00 A2 1,439,115 1,110 4.000%, 11/15/38 11/31 at 100.00 A2 1,339,060 1,005 4.000%, 11/15/39 11/31 at 100.00 A2 1,209,186 1,100 Florida Higher Educational Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Jacksonville 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,258,708 University Project, Series 2018A-1, 5.000%, 6/01/48, 144A 11,180 Florida Higher Educational Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, Rollins 12/30 at 100.00 A2 11,652,243 College Project, Refunding Series 2020A, 3.000%, 12/01/48 (UB) (4) 2,270 Florida State Board of Governors, Dormitory Revenue Bonds, University of Florida, Series 7/31 at 100.00 AA– 2,745,837 2021A, 4.000%, 7/01/35 985 Forest Lake Community Development District, Polk County, Florida, Special Assessment 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,022,361 Bonds, Assessment Area 1 Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 5/01/51, 144A Grand Oaks Community Development District, Saint Johns County, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Assessment Area 2, Series 2020: 1,100 4.250%, 5/01/40 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,156,177 1,500 4.500%, 5/01/52 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,576,965 1,000 Hammock Reserve Community Development District, Haines City, Florida, Special Assessment 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,037,130 Revenue Bonds, Area1 Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 5/01/51 10,000 Hillsborough County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Hospital Revenue Bonds, 2/31 at 100.00 Baa1 10,606,800 Florida Health Sciences Center Inc D/B/A Tampa General Hospital, Series 2020A, 3.500%, 8/01/55 (UB) (4) JEA, Florida, Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A: 625 4.000%, 10/01/38 10/31 at 100.00 Aa3 759,506 215 4.000%, 10/01/39 10/31 at 100.00 Aa3 260,586 1,070 3.000%, 10/01/40 10/31 at 100.00 Aa3 1,160,083 720 3.000%, 10/01/41 10/31 at 100.00 Aa3 778,356 1,250 Lakewood Ranch Stewardship District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,300,250 Northeast Sector Project, Phase 2B, Series 2020, 4.000%, 5/01/50, 144A Miami Beach Health Facilities Authority, Florida, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Mount Sinai Medical Center of Florida Project, Series 2021B: 1,380 4.000%, 11/15/46 11/31 at 100.00 Baa1 1,578,016 5,100 3.000%, 11/15/51 11/31 at 100.00 Baa1 5,210,262 1,865 4.000%, 11/15/51 11/31 at 100.00 Baa1 2,118,696 159 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Florida (continued) $ 1,225 Miami Dade County Industrial Development Authority, Florida, Educational Facilities 6/26 at 103.00 N/R $ 1,275,495 Revenue Bonds, Miami Community Charter School Inc Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 6/01/47, 144A 8,000 Miami-Dade County Expressway Authority, Florida, Toll System Revenue Bonds, Series 7/24 at 100.00 BBB+ 8,828,160 2014A, 5.000%, 7/01/44 (4) 3,275 Miami-Dade County, Florida, Seaport Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2021A-2, 3.000%, 10/31 at 100.00 A3 3,433,641 10/01/45 – AGM Insured (4) Miami-Dade County, Florida, Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2021: 515 3.000%, 10/01/36 4/31 at 100.00 A+ 566,227 1,200 3.000%, 10/01/40 4/31 at 100.00 A+ 1,291,080 1,500 Mirada II Community Development District, Florida, Capital Improvement Revenue Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,544,235 Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/51 3,495 Miramar, Florida, Special Obligation Revenue Bonds, Taxable Refunding Series 2021, 10/31 at 100.00 AA– 3,500,487 2.643%, 10/01/36 1,000 North Powerline Road Community Development District, Polk County, Florida, Special 5/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,032,750 Assessment Revenue Bonds, Series 2020, 4.000%, 5/01/51 1,000 Northern Palm Beach County Improvement District, Florida, Water Control and Improvement 8/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,043,470 Bonds, Development Unit 53, Series 2021, 4.000%, 8/01/51 1,500 Parrish Plantation Community Development District, Manatee County, Florida, Special 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,547,895 Assessment Revenue Bonds, Assessment Area 1, Series 2021, 4.000%, 5/01/52 500 Sawyers Landing Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 525,930 Bonds, Series 2021, 4.250%, 5/01/53, 144A 1,500 Stoneybrook South Championsgate Community Development District, Florida, Special 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,527,840 Assessment Revenue Bonds, Fox South Assessment Area, Series 2020, 3.750%, 12/15/50, 144A 300 Summit View Community Development District, Dade City, Florida, Special Assessment No Opt. Call N/R 294,501 Revenue Bonds, Series 2021B, 5.000%, 5/01/41 16,435 Tampa, Florida, Capital Improvement Cigarette Tax Allocation Bonds, H. Lee Moffitt 9/30 at 38.62 A+ 4,929,514 Cancer Center Project, Series 2020A, 0.000%, 9/01/53 500 Three Rivers Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 9/23 at 100.00 N/R 492,730 South Assessment Area Series 2021B, 4.625%, 5/01/36, 144A 425 Tradition Community Development District 9, Port Saint Lucie, Florida, Special No Opt. Call N/R 417,983 Assessment Bonds, Series 2021, 2.700%, 5/01/31 980 Windward Community Development District, Florida, Special Assessment Bonds, Series No Opt. Call N/R 1,041,181 2020A-2, 4.400%, 11/01/35 156,790 Total Florida 155,571,633 Georgia – 1.2% (0.8% of Total Investments) Gainesville and Hall County Hospital Authority, Georgia, Revenue Anticipation Certificates, Northeast Georgia Health Services Inc., Series 2021A: 2,215 3.000%, 2/15/51 2/31 at 100.00 A 2,239,742 7,500 4.000%, 2/15/51 (4) 2/31 at 100.00 A 8,512,125 9,715 Total Georgia 10,751,867 Guam – 0.7% (0.4% of Total Investments) Government of Guam, Business Privilege Tax Bonds, Refunding Series 2021F. Forward Delivery: 180 5.000%, 1/01/30 No Opt. Call Ba1 223,895 180 5.000%, 1/01/31 No Opt. Call Ba1 228,339 420 4.000%, 1/01/36 1/31 at 100.00 Ba1 480,022 415 4.000%, 1/01/42 1/31 at 100.00 Ba1 462,941 1,600 Government of Guam, Hotel Occupancy Tax Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2021A, 5/31 at 100.00 Ba1 1,977,936 5.000%, 11/01/40 Guam A.B. Won Pat International Airport Authority, Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A: 750 2.499%, 10/01/25 No Opt. Call Baa2 752,467 835 2.899%, 10/01/27 No Opt. Call Baa2 833,681 765 3.099%, 10/01/28 No Opt. Call Baa2 765,176 450 4.460%, 10/01/43 10/31 at 100.00 Baa2 467,955 5,595 Total Guam 6,192,412 160 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Idaho – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) Idaho Housing and Finance Association, Grant and Revenue Anticipation Bonds, Federal Highway Trust Funds, Series 2021A: $ 645 4.000%, 7/15/38 7/31 at 100.00 A2 $ 767,692 500 4.000%, 7/15/39 7/31 at 100.00 A2 591,155 1,145 Total Idaho 1,358,847 Illinois – 9.2% (6.2% of Total Investments) 3,000 Chicago Board of Education, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Dedicated Revenues, 12/27 at 100.00 BB 3,582,960 Refunding Series 2017C, 5.000%, 12/01/30 Chicago Transit Authority, Illinois, Sales Tax Receipts Revenue Bonds, Series 2014: 5,000 5.250%, 12/01/49 (UB) (4) 12/24 at 100.00 AA 5,673,350 10,000 5.250%, 12/01/49 12/24 at 100.00 AA 11,346,700 3,825 Chicago, Illinois, General Airport Revenue Bonds, O’Hare International Airport, Senior 1/27 at 100.00 A 4,529,986 Lien Series 2016D, 5.000%, 1/01/47 2,000 Chicago, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Project Series 2011A, 5.000%, 1/01/40 11/21 at 100.00 Ba1 2,015,240 Cook County, Illinois, General Obligation Bonds, Refunding Series 2021A: 1,825 5.000%, 11/15/31 11/30 at 100.00 A2 2,374,964 1,200 5.000%, 11/15/32 11/30 at 100.00 A2 1,557,432 1,175 5.000%, 11/15/33 11/30 at 100.00 A2 1,520,732 Cook County, Illinois, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Series 2021A: 175 4.000%, 11/15/39 11/30 at 100.00 AA– 203,796 475 4.000%, 11/15/40 11/30 at 100.00 AA– 551,608 5,085 DuPage County, Illinois, Revenue Bonds, Morton Arboretum Project, Green Series 2020, 5/30 at 100.00 A1 5,189,751 3.000%, 5/15/47 2,000 Illinois Finance Authority, Local Government Program Revenue Bonds, Maine Township High 12/29 at 100.00 Aa1 2,363,440 School District Number 207 Project, Series 2019, 4.000%, 12/01/36 250 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Acero Charter Schools, Inc., Series 2021, 10/31 at 100.00 BB+ 273,090 4.000%, 10/01/42, 144A 875 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, Lutheran Home and Services, Series 2019A, 11/26 at 103.00 N/R 959,324 5.000%, 11/01/49 10,000 Illinois Finance Authority, Revenue Bonds, OSF Healthcare System, Series 2020A, 3.000%, 11/30 at 100.00 A3 10,294,700 5/15/50 (UB) (4) 4,400 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, Build America Taxable Bonds, Series 2010-4, No Opt. Call BBB– 5,724,004 7.100%, 7/01/35 6,195 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, Build America Taxable Bonds, Series 2010-5, No Opt. Call BBB– 7,874,031 7.350%, 7/01/35 (4) 5,000 Illinois State, General Obligation Bonds, Taxable Build America Bonds, Series 2010-3, No Opt. Call BBB– 6,192,450 6.725%, 4/01/35 Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, Illinois, McCormick Place Expansion Project Bonds, Refunding Series 2022A: 645 0.000%, 12/15/35 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 90.33 BB+ 456,221 1,285 0.000%, 6/15/36 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 89.03 BB+ 891,610 1,285 0.000%, 6/15/37 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 86.57 BB+ 862,351 1,605 0.000%, 12/15/38 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 82.94 BB+ 1,026,125 1,545 0.000%, 6/15/39 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 81.66 BB+ 967,912 1,500 0.000%, 6/15/40 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 79.15 BB+ 906,960 645 0.000%, 6/15/41 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 76.71 BB+ 375,538 550 0.000%, 12/15/41 (WI/DD, Settling 3/17/22) 12/31 at 75.58 BB+ 315,144 5,190 Romeoville, Will County, Illinois, Revenue Bonds, Lewis University Project, Series 2015, 4/25 at 100.00 BBB 5,717,615 5.000%, 10/01/35 76,730 Total Illinois 83,747,034 161 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Indiana – 0.9% (0.6% of Total Investments) $ 1,415 Gary Local Public Improvement Bond Bank, Indiana, Economic Development Revenue Bonds, 6/30 at 100.00 N/R $ 1,528,625 Drexel Foundation for Educational Excellence Project, Refunding Series 2020A, 5.875%, 6/01/55, 144A 3,445 Indiana Finance Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Rose Hulman Institute 12/28 at 100.00 A2 4,161,939 Of Technology Project, Series 2018, 5.000%, 6/01/39 1,625 Indiana Finance Authority, Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, United States Steel 11/30 at 100.00 B3 2,136,046 Corporation Project, Series 2020, 6.750%, 5/01/39 (AMT) 6,485 Total Indiana 7,826,610 Iowa – 0.5% (0.3% of Total Investments) 3,340 Iowa Finance Authority, State Revolving Fund Revenue Bonds, Green Series 2021A, 8/31 at 100.00 AAA 4,365,681 5.000%, 8/01/40 Kansas – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 985 Kansas Independent College Finance Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, 6/22 at 103.00 N/R 1,030,674 Ottawa University Project, Series 2015, 7.000%, 6/01/45, 144A Kentucky – 1.6% (1.1% of Total Investments) 3,000 Bell County, Kentucky, Special Assessment Industrial Building Revenue Bonds, Boone’s 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 3,143,040 Ridge Project, Series 2020, 6.000%, 12/01/40 3,255 Carroll County, Kentucky, Environmental Facilities Revenue Bonds, Kentucky Utilities 6/31 at 100.00 A 3,321,825 Company Project, Refunding Series 2006B, 2.125%, 10/01/34 (AMT) 4,310 Carroll County, Kentucky, Environmental Facilities Revenue Bonds, Kentucky Utilities 6/31 at 100.00 A 4,389,347 Company Project, Series 2008A, 2.000%, 2/01/32 (AMT) 2,515 Kentucky Municipal Power Agency, Power System Revenue Bonds, Prairie State Project, 9/26 at 100.00 Baa1 2,994,233 Refunding Series 2016A, 5.000%, 9/01/36 – NPFG Insured 1,000 Newport, Kentucky, Special Obligation Revenue Bonds, Newport Clifton Project, Series 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,017,820 2020B, 5.500%, 12/01/60 14,080 Total Kentucky 14,866,265 Louisiana – 2.1% (1.4% of Total Investments) 1,150 Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Lincoln Preparatory 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,243,449 School Project, Series 2021A, 5.250%, 6/01/51, 144A Louisiana Public Facilities Authority, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, Ochsner Clinic Foundation Project, Series 2020A: 5,355 3.000%, 5/15/47 (UB) (4) 5/30 at 100.00 A3 5,632,175 2,145 4.000%, 5/15/49 (UB) (4) 5/30 at 100.00 A3 2,442,061 2,000 New Orleans Aviation Board, Louisiana, General Airport Revenue Bonds, North Terminal 1/27 at 100.00 A– 2,344,640 Project, Series 2017B, 5.000%, 1/01/48 (AMT) New Orleans, Louisiana, Sewerage Service Revenue Bonds, Taxable Refunding Series 2021: 2,000 2.839%, 6/01/41 – AGM Insured 6/31 at 100.00 BBB+ 2,004,160 1,500 2.939%, 6/01/45 – AGM Insured 6/31 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,494,030 1,100 New Orleans, Louisiana, Water Revenue Bonds, Taxable Refunding Series 2021, 2.889%, 12/31 at 100.00 BBB+ 1,097,063 12/01/41 – AGM Insured 2,000 Saint James Parish, Louisiana, Revenue Bonds, NuStar Logistics, L.P. Project, Series 6/30 at 100.00 BB– 2,625,600 2010, 6.350%, 7/01/40, 144A 600 Tangipahoa Parish Hospital Service District 1, Louisiana, Hospital Revenue Bonds, North 2/31 at 100.00 BBB+ 694,848 Oaks Health System Project, Refunding Series 2021, 4.000%, 2/01/38 17,850 Total Louisiana 19,578,026 Maryland – 1.6% (1.1% of Total Investments) 2,200 Frederick County, Maryland, Special Obligation Bonds, Urbana Community Development 7/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,448,314 Authority, Refunding Series 2020C, 4.000%, 7/01/50 5,330 Frederick County, Maryland, Special Tax Limited Obligation Bonds, Jefferson Technology 7/30 at 102.00 N/R 6,215,686 Park Project, Refunding Series 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/43, 144A 162 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Maryland (continued) Maryland Department of Transportation, Special Transportation Project Revenue Bonds, Series 2021B: $ 275 4.000%, 8/01/37 (AMT) 8/31 at 100.00 A $ 321,890 305 4.000%, 8/01/38 (AMT) 8/31 at 100.00 A 355,859 365 4.000%, 8/01/39 (AMT) 8/31 at 100.00 A 424,422 915 4.000%, 8/01/40 (AMT) 8/31 at 100.00 A 1,060,778 915 4.000%, 8/01/41 (AMT) 8/31 at 100.00 A 1,057,850 2,495 Maryland Economic Development Corporation, Federal Lease Revenue Bonds, SSA Baltimore 1/34 at 100.00 Baa3 2,672,070 Project, Taxable Series 2021, 3.997%, 4/01/34 12,800 Total Maryland 14,556,869 Michigan – 0.6% (0.4% of Total Investments) 5,000 Detroit, Wayne County, Michigan, General Obligation Bonds, Financial Recovery Series 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 4,782,350 2014B-1, 4.000%, 4/01/44 7,610 Michigan Finance Authority, Tobacco Settlement Asset- Backed Bonds, 2007 Sold Tobacco 12/30 at 18.38 N/R 967,764 Receipts, Series 2020B2-CL2, 0.010%, 6/01/65 12,610 Total Michigan 5,750,114 Minnesota – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 1,140 Saint Paul Housing & Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue 12/28 at 102.00 BB 1,208,218 Bonds, Hope Community Academy Project, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 12/01/55 1,100 Saint Paul Housing & Redevelopment Authority, Minnesota, Charter School Lease Revenue 6/29 at 102.00 N/R 1,113,079 Bonds, Math & Science Academy Charter School Project, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 6/01/41, 144A 2,240 Total Minnesota 2,321,297 Missouri – 1.2% (0.8% of Total Investments) Cape Girardeau County Industrial Development Authority, Missouri, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, Southeasthealth, Series 2021: 100 4.000%, 3/01/41 3/31 at 100.00 Ba1 112,407 310 3.000%, 3/01/46 3/31 at 100.00 Ba1 312,920 80 4.000%, 3/01/46 3/31 at 100.00 Ba1 88,917 1,100 M150 and 135th Street Transportation Development District, Kansas City, Missouri, 10/27 at 100.00 N/R 1,132,846 Transportation Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Series 2020A, 4.250%, 10/01/43 4,940 Missouri Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Health Facilities Revenue Bonds, 6/30 at 100.00 A+ 5,132,759 Mercy Health, Series 2020, 3.000%, 6/01/53 (UB) (4) 3,155 Saint Louis Municipal Finance Corporation, Missouri, Leasehold Revenue Bonds, Convention 10/30 at 100.00 A2 3,878,915 Center, Expansion & Improvement Projects Series 2020, 5.000%, 10/01/45 – AGM Insured (UB) (4) 9,685 Total Missouri 10,658,764 Nevada – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) 2,000 Director of Nevada State Department of Business & Industry, Environmental Improvement 2/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,127,320 Revenue Bonds, Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels LLC Project, Green Series 2020, 6.750%, 2/15/38, 144A Las Vegas, Nevada, Local Improvement Bonds, Special Improvement District 611 Sunstone Phase I and II, Series 2020: 450 4.000%, 6/01/40 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 489,546 1,150 4.125%, 6/01/50 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,242,080 3,600 Total Nevada 3,858,946 New Hampshire – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 1,250 New Hampshire Health and Education Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Catholic Medical 7/27 at 100.00 Baa3 1,336,313 Center, Series 2017, 3.750%, 7/01/40 New Jersey – 6.4% (4.3% of Total Investments) 7,850 New Jersey Economic Development Authority, School Facilities Construction Bonds, Social Series 12/30 at 100.00 BBB 8,854,408 2021QQQ, 4.000%, 6/15/46 (UB) (4) 163 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New Jersey (continued) New Jersey Health Care Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Atlanticare Health System Obligated Group Issue, Series 2021: $ 1,910 3.000%, 7/01/41 7/31 at 100.00 AA– $ 2,030,254 1,560 3.000%, 7/01/51 7/31 at 100.00 AA– 1,627,673 11,410 New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority, Revenue Bonds, RWJ Barnabas Health 7/31 at 100.00 AA– 11,884,998 Obligated Group, Series 2021A, 3.000%, 7/01/51 1,000 New Jersey State, General Obligation Bonds, Covid-19 Emergency Series 2020A, 3.000%, 6/01/32 No Opt. Call BBB+ 1,113,900 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Forward Delivery Series 2022A: 620 4.000%, 6/15/38 (WI/DD, Settling 4/27/22) 6/32 at 100.00 BBB 710,291 770 4.000%, 6/15/39 (WI/DD, Settling 4/27/22) 6/32 at 100.00 BBB 879,540 700 4.000%, 6/15/40 (WI/DD, Settling 4/27/22) 6/32 at 100.00 BBB 797,573 640 4.000%, 6/15/41 (WI/DD, Settling 4/27/22) 6/32 at 100.00 BBB 726,963 520 4.000%, 6/15/42 (WI/DD, Settling 4/27/22) 6/32 at 100.00 BBB 588,749 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 2020AA: 25,990 3.000%, 6/15/50 (UB) (4) 12/30 at 100.00 BBB 26,519,416 545 4.000%, 6/15/50 (UB) (4) 12/30 at 100.00 BBB 611,468 New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority, Transportation System Bonds, Series 2021A: 935 4.000%, 6/15/34 6/31 at 100.00 BBB 1,095,147 385 4.000%, 6/15/35 6/31 at 100.00 BBB 449,603 440 4.000%, 6/15/36 6/31 at 100.00 BBB 511,720 55,275 Total New Jersey 58,401,703 New Mexico – 0.8% (0.5% of Total Investments) 7,000 Winrock Town Center Tax Increment Development District 1, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Gross 11/23 at 103.00 N/R 7,151,480 Receipts Tax Increment Bonds, Subordinate Lien Series 2020, 8.000%, 5/01/40, 144A New York – 20.1% (13.5% of Total Investments) 5,880 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Inc, Series 2015, 5.500%, 9/01/45, 144A 9/25 at 100.00 N/R 6,602,652 5,000 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Family Life Academy Charter School, Series 2020A-1, 5.500%, 6/01/55, 144A 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 5,107,200 Build NYC Resource Corporation, New York, Revenue Bonds, Family Life Academy Charter School, Series 2020C-1: 1,310 5.000%, 6/01/40, 144A 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,389,412 3,000 5.000%, 6/01/55, 144A 12/30 at 100.00 N/R 3,122,040 1,000 Build NYC Resource Corporation, Revenue Bonds, Shefa School, Series 2021A, 6/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,181,580 5.000%, 6/15/51, 144A 10,000 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, Catholic Health System 7/29 at 100.00 Ba2 10,668,100 Obligated Group Series 2019A, 4.000%, 7/01/45 (UB) (4) 9,120 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, Revenue Bonds, NYU Langone Hospitals 7/30 at 100.00 A3 10,453,253 Obligated Group, Series 2020A, 4.000%, 7/01/53 (UB) (4) 20,000 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, State Personal Income Tax Revenue Bonds, General 9/30 at 100.00 Aa2 20,837,200 Purpose, Series 2020A Bidding Group 1 thru 5, 3.000%, 3/15/50 (UB) (4) 7,775 Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, State Personal Income Tax Revenue Bonds, General 9/30 at 100.00 Aa2 8,319,483 Purpose, Series 2020A. Bidding Group 1 thru 5, 3.000%, 3/15/38 (4) 705 Long Island Power Authority, New York, Electric System General Revenue Bonds, Series 2021, 9/31 at 100.00 A 754,167 3.000%, 9/01/40 10,000 Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New York, Transportation Revenue Bonds, Series 2014D-1, 11/24 at 100.00 BBB+ 11,153,400 5.250%, 11/15/44 (UB) (4) New York City Industrial Development Agency, New York, PILOT Payment in Lieu of Taxes Revenue Bonds, Queens Baseball Stadium Project, Refunding Series 2021A: 1,000 3.000%, 1/01/34 – AGM Insured 1/31 at 100.00 BBB 1,080,730 1,205 3.000%, 1/01/37 – AGM Insured 1/31 at 100.00 BBB 1,284,590 164 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New York (continued) New York City Industrial Development Agency, New York, PILOT Payment in Lieu of Taxes Revenue Bonds, Yankee Stadium Project, Series 2020A: $ 5,385 3.000%, 3/01/39 – AGM Insured (UB) (4) 9/30 at 100.00 BBB+ $ 5,711,008 3,845 3.000%, 3/01/40 – AGM Insured (UB) (4) 9/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 4,066,241 3,500 4.000%, 3/01/45 9/30 at 100.00 Baa1 3,923,430 2,275 3.000%, 3/01/49 (UB) (4) 9/30 at 100.00 Baa1 2,322,752 New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority, New York, Water and Sewer System Second General Resolution Revenue Bonds, Fiscal 2022 Series BB-1: 5,680 3.000%, 6/15/44 12/31 at 100.00 AA+ 5,998,762 7,500 4.000%, 6/15/45 12/31 at 100.00 AA+ 8,817,825 575 New York City Transitional Finance Authority, New York, Building Aid Revenue Bonds, 7/31 at 100.00 Aa3 677,241 Fiscal 2022 Subseries S-1A, 4.000%, 7/15/40 500 New York City Transitional Finance Authority, New York, Future Tax Secured Bonds, 5/31 at 100.00 Aa1 652,165 Subordinate Fiscal 2021 Subseries F-1, 5.000%, 11/01/34 New York City Transitional Finance Authority, New York, Future Tax Secured Bonds, Subordinate Fiscal 2022 Subseries B-1: 5,130 4.000%, 8/01/45 8/31 at 100.00 Aa1 5,967,011 2,580 4.000%, 8/01/48 8/31 at 100.00 Aa1 2,988,414 New York City, New York, General Obligation Bonds, Fiscal 2021 Series D: 1,000 1.623%, 8/01/28 No Opt. Call AA- 978,820 1,410 2.223%, 8/01/35 No Opt. Call AA- 1,370,196 1,790 New York City, New York, General Obligation Bonds, Fiscal 2021 Series E, 1.623%, 8/01/28 No Opt. Call AA– 1,752,088 4,000 New York Counties Tobacco Trust IV, Tobacco Settlement Pass-Through Bonds, Turbo Term 11/21 at 100.00 B– 4,043,880 Series 2005A, 5.000%, 6/01/42 3,000 New York Liberty Development Corporation, New York, Liberty Revenue Bonds, 3 World Trade 11/24 at 100.00 N/R 3,273,060 Center Project, Class 1 Series 2014, 5.000%, 11/15/44, 144A 1,050 New York State Urban Development Corp, 4.000%, 3/15/44 9/31 at 100.00 AA+ 1,227,712 3,675 New York State Urban Development Corporation, State Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, 9/31 at 100.00 AA+ 4,302,763 Series 2021A, 4.000%, 3/15/45 180 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Facility Revenue Bonds, Thruway 10/31 at 100.00 BBB– 205,970 Service Areas Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 10/31/41 (AMT) New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, American Airlines, Inc. John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Series 2020: 12,210 5.250%, 8/01/31 (AMT) 8/30 at 100.00 B- 14,391,561 3,400 5.375%, 8/01/36 (AMT) 8/30 at 100.00 B- 4,245,376 515 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, No Opt. Call B 529,296 American Airlines, Inc. John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Series 2021, 2.250%, 8/01/26 (AMT) 1,000 New York Transportation Development Corporation, New York, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, 12/30 at 100.00 BBB 1,115,960 Terminal 4 John F Kennedy International Airport Project, Series 2020C, 4.000%, 12/01/41 1,000 New York Transportation Development Corporation, Special Facility Revenue Bonds, Delta No Opt. Call BB+ 1,161,670 Air Lines, Inc. – LaGuardia Airport Terminals C&D Redevelopment Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 10/01/30 (AMT) 2,200 Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Consolidated Revenue Bonds, Two Hundred 9/28 at 100.00 A+ 2,539,834 Eleventh Series 2018, 4.000%, 9/01/43 2,350 Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Consolidated Revenue Bonds, Two Hundred 7/31 at 100.00 A+ 2,734,037 Twenty-Third Series 2021, 4.000%, 7/15/40 (AMT) 5,000 Syracuse Industrial Development Authority, New York, PILOT Revenue Bonds, Carousel No Opt. Call CC 4,989,250 Center Project, Taxable Series 2007B, 5.693%, 1/01/28 – SYNCORA GTY Insured, 144A 2,015 Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, New York, Payroll Mobility Tax Bonds, Senior Lien 11/31 at 100.00 AA+ 2,559,695 Series 2021C-1A, 5.000%, 5/15/51 3,955 Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, New York, Payroll Mobility Tax Bonds, Senior Lien 11/31 at 100.00 AA+ 4,111,025 Series 2021C-3, 3.000%, 5/15/51 165 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value New York (continued) $ 4,190 Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, New York, Payroll Mobility Tax Bonds, Senior Lien 5/31 at 100.00 AA+ $ 5,271,439 Subseries 2021A-1, 5.000%, 5/15/51 166,905 Total New York 183,882,288 North Carolina – 0.1% (0.0% of Total Investments) 415 North Carolina Medical Care Commission, Retirement Facilities First Mortgage Revenue 9/28 at 103.00 BBB 473,702 Bonds, The Forest at Duke, Inc., Series 2021, 4.000%, 9/01/41 Ohio – 6.9% (4.7% of Total Investments) Akron, Bath and Copley Joint Township Hospital District, Ohio, Hospital Facilities Revenue Bonds, Summa Health Obligated Group, Refunding Series 2020: 220 4.000%, 11/15/36 (UB) (4) 11/30 at 100.00 Baa2 254,355 1,500 4.000%, 11/15/38 (UB) (4) 11/30 at 100.00 Baa2 1,736,235 10,325 3.000%, 11/15/40 (UB) (4) 11/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 10,599,542 7,750 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed Revenue 6/30 at 100.00 BBB+ 7,808,357 Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020A-2 Class 1, 3.000%, 6/01/48 9,140 Buckeye Tobacco Settlement Financing Authority, Ohio, Tobacco Settlement Asset-Backed 6/30 at 100.00 N/R 10,263,580 Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020B-2 Class 2, 5.000%, 6/01/55 Cleveland, Ohio, General Obligation Bonds, Various Purpose Refunding Series 2021A: 485 3.000%, 12/01/32 6/30 at 100.00 A1 538,447 485 3.000%, 12/01/33 6/30 at 100.00 A1 535,275 605 3.000%, 12/01/34 6/30 at 100.00 A1 663,274 1,000 Columbus-Franklin County Finance Authority, Ohio, Tax Increment Financing Revenue Bonds, 6/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,090,740 Bridge Park D Block Project, Series 2019A-1, 5.000%, 12/01/51 2,500 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, AMG 7/29 at 100.00 B– 2,858,350 Vanadium Project, Series 2019, 5.000%, 7/01/49 (AMT), 144A 1,000 Ohio Air Quality Development Authority, Ohio, Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, FirstEnergy No Opt. Call N/R 993,550 Generation Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2009D, 3.375%, 8/01/29 (Mandatory Put 9/15/21) 750 Ohio Higher Educational Facility Commission, Senior Hospital Parking Revenue Bonds, 1/30 at 100.00 A3 892,515 University Circle Incorporated 2020 Project, Series 2020, 5.000%, 1/15/50 21,000 Southern Ohio Port Authority, Ohio, Facility Revenue Bonds, Purecycle Project, Series 2020A, 12/27 at 103.00 N/R 24,026,730 7.000%, 12/01/42 (AMT), 144A 1,000 Southern Ohio Port Authority, Ohio, Facility Revenue Bonds, Purecycle Project, Series 2020B, 12/26 at 105.00 N/R 1,176,560 10.000%, 12/01/27 (AMT), 144A 57,760 Total Ohio 63,437,510 Oklahoma – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) 1,000 Mannford Public Works Authority, Oklahoma, Revenue Bonds, Capital Improvement Series 2021, 1/29 at 100.00 N/R 1,013,280 3.250%, 1/01/51 Oregon – 0.6% (0.4% of Total Investments) 5,000 Oregon State Department of Transportation, Highway User Tax Revenue Bonds, Taxable No Opt. Call Aa1 4,869,500 Refunding Senior Lien Series 2020B, 1.330%, 11/15/28 250 Oregon State, General Obligation Bonds, Article XI-Q State Projects, Taxable Various No Opt. Call AA+ 247,932 Series 2021B, 1.528%, 5/01/28 5,250 Total Oregon 5,117,432 Pennsylvania – 2.7% (1.8% of Total Investments) 5,000 Allegheny County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Environmental Improvement No Opt. Call B3 6,031,600 Revenue Bonds, United States Steel Corp., Refunding Series 2019, 5.125%, 5/01/30 980 Allentown Neighborhood Improvement Zone Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Tax 5/31 at 100.00 N/R 1,208,056 Revenue Bonds, 615 Waterfront Project, Senior Series 2021, 6.000%, 5/01/42, 144A 500 Beaver County Industrial Development Authority, Pennsylvania, Pollution Control Revenue 4/31 at 100.00 N/R 516,510 Refunding Bonds, FirstEnergy Generation Project, Series 2008B, 3.750%, 10/01/47 (Mandatory Put 4/01/21) 166 Table of Contents Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Pennsylvania (continued) $ 1,000 Dauphin County General Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Harrisburg University of Science & 10/27 at 100.00 BB $ 1,123,730 Technology Project, Series 2017, 5.125%, 10/15/41, 144A 2,000 Dauphin County General Authority, Pennsylvania, Revenue Bonds, Harrisburg University of Science & 10/28 at 100.00 BB 2,458,680 Technology Project, Series 2020, 6.250%, 10/15/53, 144A 1,315 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, KDC No Opt. Call N/R 1,309,306 Agribusiness Fairless Hills LLC Project, Series 2021A, 10.000%, 12/01/31 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Parking System Revenue Bonds, Capitol Region Parking System, Junior Guaranteed Series 2013B: 995 0.000%, 1/01/45 – BAM Insured No Opt. Call A2 522,922 940 0.000%, 1/01/46 – BAM Insured No Opt. Call A2 477,379 1,025 0.000%, 1/01/47 – BAM Insured No Opt. Call A2 503,152 2,500 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, Private Activity Revenue Bonds, 6/26 at 100.00 BBB 2,929,875 Pennsylvania Rapid Bridge Replacement Project, Series 2015, 5.000%, 12/31/34 (AMT) Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, Turnpike Revenue Bonds, Subordinate Series 2021A: 890 4.000%, 12/01/38 12/31 at 100.00 A3 1,040,330 1,000 4.000%, 12/01/39 12/31 at 100.00 A3 1,165,830 1,110 4.000%, 12/01/40 12/31 at 100.00 A3 1,288,999 1,175 4.000%, 12/01/41 12/31 at 100.00 A3 1,361,754 1,335 4.000%, 12/01/42 12/31 at 100.00 A3 1,542,512 800 Philadelphia Authority for Industrial Development, Pennsylvania, Charter School Revenue 6/31 at 100.00 BB 853,792 Bonds, Philadelphia Electrical & Technology Charter School, Series 2021A, 4.000%, 6/01/51 500 Philadelphia Authority for Industrial Development, Pennsylvania, Charter School Revenue 6/28 at 100.00 BB+ 571,925 Bonds, Philadelphia Performing Arts: A String Theory Charter School, Series 2020, 5.000%, 6/15/50, 144A 23,065 Total Pennsylvania 24,906,352 Puerto Rico – 7.0% (4.7% of Total Investments) 1,000 Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Refunding Senior Lien 7/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,168,170 Series 2020A, 5.000%, 7/01/47, 144A Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewerage Authority, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2012A: 5,020 5.125%, 7/01/37 7/22 at 100.00 CCC 5,178,130 2,000 6.000%, 7/01/47 7/22 at 100.00 CCC 2,074,180 8,000 Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Power Revenue Bonds, Series 2010XX, 5.250%, 7/01/40 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 D 7,870,000 3,000 Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation Authority, Highway Revenue Bonds, Series 2005L, No Opt. Call AAA 3,105,000 5.250%, 7/01/38 – AMBAC Insured Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority, Guaranteed Government Facilities Revenue Bonds, Series 2007M2: 1 1.850%, 7/01/34 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 1,144 4,585 1.850%, 7/01/34 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 5,312,869 Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corporation, Sales Tax Revenue Bonds, Restructured 2018A-1: 20,000 0.010%, 7/01/46 7/28 at 41.38 N/R 6,519,800 35,000 0.000%, 7/01/51 7/28 at 30.01 N/R 8,286,950 5,514 4.750%, 7/01/53 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 6,159,248 2,500 5.000%, 7/01/58 7/28 at 100.00 N/R 2,828,600 17,000 Puerto Rico, General Obligation Bonds, Series 2014A, 1.990%, 7/01/35 (5) 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 15,002,500 103,620 Total Puerto Rico 63,506,591 South Carolina – 0.3% (0.2% of Total Investments) 1,000 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, 10/27 at 103.00 N/R 1,060,700 Columbia College, Refunding Series 2020A, 5.625%, 10/01/40 1,000 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, 11/26 at 100.00 N/R 1,013,740 Hoese Creek Academy Project, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 11/15/55, 144A 250 South Carolina Jobs-Economic Development Authority, Retirement Community Revenue Notes, 11/21 at 100.00 N/R 253,355 Kiawah Life Plan Village, Inc. Project, Series 2021A, 8.750%, 7/01/25 2,250 Total South Carolina 2,327,795 167 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value South Dakota – 0.5% (0.3% of Total Investments) $ 2,145 South Dakota Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Monument Health, Inc, 9/30 at 100.00 A1 $ 2,233,524 Series 2020A, 3.000%, 9/01/45 (UB) (4) 1,800 South Dakota Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Revenue Bonds, Monument Health, Inc., 9/30 at 100.00 A1 2,049,192 Series 2020A, 4.000%, 9/01/50 (UB) (4) 3,945 Total South Dakota 4,282,716 Tennessee – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) New Memphis Arena Public Building Authority, Memphis and Shelby County, Tennessee, Local Government Public Improvement Bonds, Capital Appreciation Series 2021: 1,250 0.000%, 4/01/32 4/31 at 98.30 AA 1,010,175 1,250 0.000%, 4/01/35 4/31 at 92.42 AA 920,962 1,250 0.000%, 4/01/36 4/31 at 90.26 AA 892,088 1,250 0.000%, 4/01/38 4/31 at 85.68 AA 836,913 5,000 Total Tennessee 3,660,138 Texas – 7.3% (4.9% of Total Investments) 500 Abilene Convention Center Hotel Development Corporation, Texas, Hotel Revenue Bonds, 10/31 at 100.00 N/R 525,050 Second-Lien Series 2021B, 5.000%, 10/01/50, 144A Austin, Texas, Rental Car Special Facility Revenue Bonds, Taxable Refunding Series 2021: 500 1.027%, 11/15/26 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call A– 488,195 625 1.325%, 11/15/27 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call A– 610,700 500 1.710%, 11/15/29 – AGM Insured No Opt. Call A– 490,720 755 Bexar County, Texas, Venue Project Revenue Bonds, Taxable Refunding Combined Venue 8/31 at 100.00 A– 753,022 Tax Series 2021, 3.031%, 8/15/41 – AGM Insured Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent School District, Dallas County, Texas, General Obligation Bonds, School Building Series 2021: 190 3.000%, 2/15/37 2/30 at 100.00 AAA 209,477 175 3.000%, 2/15/38 2/30 at 100.00 AAA 192,525 145 3.000%, 2/15/39 2/30 at 100.00 AAA 159,153 115 3.000%, 2/15/40 2/30 at 100.00 AAA 125,978 1,000 Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority, Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2021B, 1/31 at 100.00 A– 1,152,170 4.000%, 1/01/41 460 Eagle Pass, Texas, Combination Tax and Limited Pledge Revenue Certificates of Obligation, 3/31 at 100.00 AA 548,771 Series 2021, 4.000%, 3/01/38 – AGM Insured 1,000 Flower Mound, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, River Walk Public Improvement 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 981,770 District 1, Refunding Series 2021, 3.500%, 9/01/36, 144A 1,200 Hays County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, La Cima Public Improvement District 9/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,233,372 Neighbor Improvement Areas 1-2 Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 9/15/50, 144A Houston Community College System, Texas, General Obligation Bonds, Taxable Refunding Limited Tax Series 2021B: 1,000 2.059%, 2/15/36 2/31 at 100.00 AA+ 960,930 750 2.109%, 2/15/37 2/31 at 100.00 AA+ 716,235 750 2.209%, 2/15/38 2/31 at 100.00 AA+ 716,565 750 2.259%, 2/15/39 2/31 at 100.00 AA+ 713,197 1,000 Kyle, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, 6 Creeks Public Improvement District 9/30 at 100.00 N/R 1,011,840 Improvement Area 2 Project, Series 2020, 4.000%, 9/01/46, 144A 6,225 Love Field Airport Modernization Corporation, Texas, General Airport Revenue Bonds, 11/31 at 100.00 A 7,299,373 Refunding Series 2021, 4.000%, 11/01/38 – AGM Insured (AMT) (4) Lower Colorado River Authority, Texas, Transmission Contract Revenue Bonds, LCRA Transmission Services Corporation Project, Refunding Series 2021: 1,625 5.000%, 5/15/38 5/30 at 100.00 A 2,040,724 1,665 5.000%, 5/15/39 5/30 at 100.00 A 2,086,278 2,625 5.000%, 5/15/40 5/30 at 100.00 A 3,278,231 375 5.000%, 5/15/41 5/30 at 100.00 A 466,853 500 Marble Falls, Burnet County, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Thunder Rock Public 9/31 at 100.00 N/R 482,225 Improvement District Improvement Area 1 Project, Series 2021, 4.125%, 9/01/41, 144A 168 Table of Contents Principal Amount (000) Description (1) Coupon Maturity Ratings (3) Value Texas (continued) $ 625 McLendon-Chisholm, Texas, Special Assessment Revenue Bonds, Sonoma Public Improvement District 9/31 at 100.00 N/R $ 612,813 Improvement Area 3 Project, Series 2021, 3.625%, 9/15/41, 144A 4,175 New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Education Revenue Bonds, 8/25 at 103.00 BB+ 4,644,228 Southwest Preparatory School, Series 2020A, 5.000%, 8/15/50, 144A New Hope Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Senior Living Revenue Bonds, Sanctuary LTC LLC Project, Series 2021A-1: 6,795 5.250%, 1/01/42 1/28 at 103.00 N/R 6,637,492 6,465 5.500%, 1/01/57 1/28 at 103.00 N/R 6,278,549 2,035 Sachse, Texas, Special Assessment Bonds, Sachse Public Improvement District 1 Major 9/30 at 100.00 N/R 2,111,882 Improvement Area Project, Series 2020, 5.375%, 9/15/40, 144A San Antonio, Texas, Electric and Gas Systems Revenue Bonds, Refunding Junior Lien Series 2021A: 1,410 5.000%, 2/01/33 2/31 at 100.00 A+ 1,842,602 1,520 5.000%, 2/01/34 2/31 at 100.00 A+ 1,981,822 1,885 5.000%, 2/01/35 2/31 at 100.00 A+ 2,451,254 1,875 5.000%, 2/01/36 2/31 at 100.00 A+ 2,429,475 Tarrant County Cultural Education Facilities Finance Corporation, Texas, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Hendrick Medical Center, Taxable Series 2021: 450 3.292%, 9/01/40 – AGM Insured 9/30 at 100.00 A2 466,893 350 3.422%, 9/01/50 – AGM Insured 9/30 at 100.00 A2 361,701 Texas Private Activity Bond Surface Transportation Corporation, Senior Lien Revenue Bonds, LBJ Infrastructure Group LLC IH-635 Managed Lanes Project, Refunding Series 2020A: 2,630 4.000%, 6/30/35 12/30 at 100.00 BBB– 3,096,115 1,540 4.000%, 6/30/36 12/30 at 100.00 BBB– 1,805,973 2,195 4.000%, 12/31/37 12/30 at 100.00 BBB– 2,564,879 2,000 4.000%, 6/30/40 12/30 at 100.00 BBB– 2,315,800 60,380 Total Texas 66,844,832 Utah – 0.4% (0.3% of Total Investments) 500 Red Bridge Public Infrastructure District 1, Utah, Limited Tax General Obligation Bonds, 2/26 at 103.00 N/R 514,335 Series 2021A, 4.125%, 2/01/41, 144A 1,000 Utah Charter School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Paradigm High School 1/25 at 102.00 N/R 1,028,910 Project, Series 2020A, 5.125%, 7/15/51, 144A 1,000 Utah Charter School Finance Authority, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Providence Hall Projects, 10/31 at 100.00 Aa2 1,151,230 Refunding Series 2021A, 4.000%, 10/15/51 Utah Infrastructure Agency, Telecommunications Revenue Bonds, Series 2021: 375 4.000%, 10/15/41 4/31 at 100.00 BBB– 427,155 500 3.000%, 10/15/45 4/31 at 100.00 BBB– 507,145 Vineyard Redevelopment Agency, Utah, Tax Increment Revenue Bonds, Refunding Series 2021: 60 4.000%, 5/01/36 – AGM Insured 5/31 at 100.00 AA 70,992 95 4.000%, 5/01/38 – AGM Insured 5/31 at 100.00 AA 111,818 3,530 Total Utah 3,811,585 Virginia – 3.2% (2.2% of Total Investments) 5,000 Hampton Roads Transportation Accountability Commission, Virginia, Revenue Bonds, Hampton Roads 7/30 at 100.00 AA 6,303,900 Transportation Fund, Senior Lien Series 2020A, 5.250%, 7/01/60 10,750 Roanoke Economic Development Authority, Virginia, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Carilion Clinic 7/30 at 100.00 AA– 12,385,827 Obligated Group, Series 2020A, 4.000%, 7/01/51 (UB) (4) 1,510 Tobacco Settlement Financing Corporation of Virginia, Tobacco Settlement Asset Backed Bonds, 6/25 at 100.00 B– 1,579,309 Refunding Senior Lien Series 2007A, 6.706%, 6/01/46 Virginia Commonwealth Transportation Board, Interstate 81 Corridor Program Revenue Bonds, Senior Lien Series 2021: 600 4.000%, 5/15/36 5/31 at 100.00 AA– 729,600 900 4.000%, 5/15/38 5/31 at 100.00 AA– 1,087,749 2,030 4.000%, 5/15/39 5/31 at 100.00 AA– 2,447,287 3,000 Virginia Small Business Financing Authority, Private Activity Revenue Bonds, Transform 66 P3 Project, 6/27 at 100.00 Baa3 3,549,180 Senior Lien Series 2017, 5.000%, 12/31/49 (AMT) 169 Table of Contents NDMO Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund Portfolio of Investments (continued) October 31, 2021 Principal Optional Call Amount (000) Description (1) Provisions (2) Ratings (3) Value Virginia (continued) $ 1,000 Virginia Small Business Financing Authority, Tourism Development Financing Program Revenue 10/30 at 120.40 N/R $ 1,278,830 Bonds, Virginia Beach Oceanfront South Hotel Project, Senior Series 2020A-1, 8.000%, 10/01/43, 144A 24,790 Total Virginia 29,361,682 Washington – 0.7% (0.5% of Total Investments) 1,230 King and Pierce Counties School District 408 Auburn, Washington, General Obligation Bonds, 12/30 at 100.00 Aaa 1,356,481 Refunding Series 2020, 3.000%, 12/01/38 5,000 King County Housing Authority, Washington, Pooled Housing Revenue Bonds, Refunding 11/29 at 100.00 AAA 5,341,000 Series 2019, 3.000%, 11/01/39 6,230 Total Washington 6,697,481 West Virginia – 0.9% (0.6% of Total Investments) 4,000 West Virginia Economic Development Authority, Dock and Wharf Facilities Revenue Bonds, 12/27 at 103.00 N/R 4,090,160 Empire Trimodal Terminal, LLC Project, Series 2020, 7.625%, 12/01/40, 144A 1,000 West Virginia Economic Development Authority, Solid Waste Disposal Facilities Revenue Bonds, 1/25 at 100.00 B 1,052,540 Arch Resources Project, Series 2021, 4.125%, 7/01/45 (AMT) (Mandatory Put 7/01/25) 2,660 West Virginia State, General Obligation Bonds, State Road Series 2021A, 5.000%, 12/01/39 6/31 at 100.00 AA– 3,443,822 7,660 Total West Virginia 8,586,522 Wisconsin – 4.1% (2.8% of Total Investments) 6,350 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Charter School Revenue Bonds, Freedom Classical Academy Inc., Series 2020A, 5.000%, 1/01/56, 144A 1/28 at 100.00 N/R 6,743,382 1,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Education Revenue Bonds, The Capitol Encore Academy, Series 2021A, 5.000%, 6/01/56, 144A 6/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,035,650 1,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Educational Facility Revenue Bonds, LEAD Academy Project, Series 2021, 5.000%, 8/01/51, 144A 8/28 at 100.00 N/R 1,031,680 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Health Care Facilities Revenue Bonds, Appalachian Regional Healthcare System Obligated Group, Series 2021A: 300 5.000%, 7/01/35 1/31 at 100.00 BBB 380,619 190 5.000%, 7/01/38 1/31 at 100.00 BBB 239,153 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Hospital Revenue Bonds, Renown Regional Medical Center Project, Refunding Series 2020A: 2,035 3.000%, 6/01/45 (UB) (4), (5) 6/30 at 100.00 A+ 2,145,887 5,415 3.000%, 6/01/45 – AGM Insured (UB) (4) 6/30 at 100.00 A+ 5,753,492 5,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Limited Obligation PILOT Revenue Bonds, American 12/27 at 100.00 N/R 5,488,300 Dream @ Meadowlands Project, Series 2017, 7.000%, 12/01/50, 144A 2,000 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Sky Harbour LLC Obligated Group 7/31 at 100.00 N/R 2,056,420 Aviation Facilities Project, Series 2021, 4.000%, 7/01/41 (AMT) 200 Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Wonderful Foundations Charter School 1/31 at 100.00 N/R 219,714 WFCS Portfolio Projects, Senior Series 2021A-1, 5.000%, 1/01/56, 144A Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority, Wisconsin, Revenue Bonds, Gundersen Health System, Refunding Series 2021A: 205 3.000%, 10/15/37 10/31 at 100.00 AA- 219,018 7,530 3.000%, 10/15/38 (4) 10/31 at 100.00 AA- 8,024,721 4,120 3.000%, 10/15/39 10/31 at 100.00 AA- 4,371,320 35,345 Total Wisconsin 37,709,356 $ 1,331,760 Total Municipal Bonds (cost $1,313,625,287) 1,357,672,594 170 Table of Contents Principal Amount (000) Description (1) Coupon Maturity Ratings (3) Value CORPORATE BONDS – 0.2% (0.1% of Total Investments) Real Estate – 0.1% (0.1% of Total Investments) $ 1,000 Benloch Ranch Improvement Association No 1 9.750% 12/01/39 N/R $ 1,082,235 Utilities – 0.1% (0.0% of Total Investments) 1,500 Talen Energy Supply LLC 6.000% 12/15/36 Caa1 697,500 $ 2,500 Total Corporate Bonds (cost $1,766,252) 1,779,735 Total Long-Term Investments (cost $1,315,391,539) 1,359,452,329 Borrowings – (21.0)% (7)(8) (191,900,000) Floating Rate Obligations – (22.4)% (204,590,000) Reverse Repurchase Agreements, including accrued interest – (4.9)% (9) (44,809,557) Other Assets Less Liabilities – (0.5)% (10) (4,605,275) Net Assets Applicable to Common Shares – 100% $ 913,547,497 Investments in Derivatives Futures Contracts – Short Variation Unrealized Margin Number of Expiration Notional Appreciation Receivable/ Description Contracts Date Amount Value (Depreciation) (Payable) U.S. Treasury 10-Year Note (472) 12/21 $ (62,783,099) $ (61,691,875) $1,091,224 $ 22,125 U.S. Treasury Ultra Bond (328) 12/21 (63,750,461) (64,421,250) (670,789) (246,000) U.S. Treasury Long Bond (202) 12/21 (32,853,039) (32,490,438) 362,602 (69,438) Total $(159,386,599) $(158,603,563) $ 783,037 $ (293,313) Total receivable for variation margin on futures contracts $ 22,125 Total payable for variation margin on futures contracts $(315,438) (1) All percentages shown in the Portfolio of Investments are based on net assets applicable
to common shares unless otherwise noted. (2) Optional Call Provisions: Dates (month and year) and prices of the earliest optional call
or redemption. There may be other call provisions at varying prices at later dates. Certain mortgage-backed securities may be subject
to periodic principal paydowns. Optional Call Provisions are not covered by the report of independent registered public accounting firm. (3) The ratings disclosed are the lowest of Standard & Poor’s Group (“Standard
& Poor’s”), Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) or Fitch, Inc. (“Fitch”)
rating. Ratings below BBB by Standard & Poor’s, Baa by Moody’s or BBB by Fitch are considered to be below investment
grade. Holdings designated N/R are not rated by any of these national rating agencies. Ratings are not covered by the report of independent
registered public accounting firm. (4) Investment, or portion of investment, has been pledged to collateralize the net payment obligations
for inverse floating rate transactions and/or reverse repurchase agreements. As of the end of the reporting period, investments with
a value of $51,502,598 have been pledged as collateral for reverse repurchase agreements. (5) Defaulted security. A security whose issuer has failed to fully pay principal and/or interest
when due, or is under the protection of bankruptcy. (6) Step-up coupon bond, a bond with a coupon that increases ("steps up"), usually
at regular intervals, while the bond is outstanding. The rate shown is the coupon as of the end of the reporting period. (7) Borrowings as a percentage of Total Investments is 14.1%. (8) The Fund segregates 100% of its eligible investments (excluding any investments separately
pledged as collateral for specific investments in derivatives, when applicable) in the Portfolio of Investments as collateral for borrowings. (9) Reverse Repurchase Agreements, including accrued interest as a percentage of Total Investments
is 3.3%. (10) Other assets less liabilities includes the unrealized appreciation (depreciation of certain
over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives as presented on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities, when applicable. The unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of OTC cleared and exchange-traded derivatives is recognized as part of the cash collateral at brokers and/or
the receivable or payable for variation margin as presented on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities, when applicable. 144A Investment is exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. These investments may only be resold in transactions exempt from registration, which are normally those transactions with qualified
institutional buyers. AMT Alternative Minimum Tax. UB Underlying bond of an inverse floating rate trust reflected as a financing transaction. WI/DD
Purchased on a when-issued or delayed delivery basis. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 171 Table of Contents Statement of Assets and Liabilities October 31, 2021 NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Assets Long-term investments, at value (cost $5,156,011,244 $3,282,232,935, $1,994,138,386, $1,184,770,165 and $1,315,391,539, respectively) $5,745,248,072 $3,712,817,983 $2,114,314,485 $1,276,838,863 $1,359,452,329 Short-term investments, at value ($—, $—, $—, $798,107 and $—, respectively) — — — 865,417 — Cash — — — 3,387,548 4,615,476 Cash collateral at brokers for investments in futures contracts 1 — — — — 3,505,000 Receivable for: Dividends — 2,941 — — — Interest 71,855,562 45,850,236 35,690,227 21,776,138 17,943,304 Investments sold 30,947,562 52,963,921 1,808,341 430,000 6,781,711 Shares sold — — 710,253 — — Variation margin on futures contracts — — — — 22,125 Deferred offering costs — — 203,987 219,996 240,000 Other assets 2,231,517 1,021,290 140,430 91,073 16,746 Total assets 5,850,282,713 3,812,656,371 2,152,867,723 1,303,609,035 1,392,576,691 Liabilities Cash overdraft 8,233,336 4,798,386 4,909,984 — — Borrowings — — — — 191,900,000 Reverse repurchase agreements, including accrued interest — — — — 44,809,557 Floating rate obligations 187,400,000 14,400,000 457,043,000 25,822,000 204,590,000 Payable for: Dividends 13,650,703 8,907,020 6,136,970 3,182,586 3,956,251 Interest 2 379,281 36,486 938,500 67,832 416,081 Investments purchased – regular settlement 36,930 — 5,892,300 — 6,903,555 Investments purchased – when-issued/ delayed-delivery settlement 23,929,040 4,160,129 14,944,420 — 24,677,205 Variation margin on futures contracts — — — — 315,438 Adjustable Rate MuniFund Term Preferred (“AMTP”) Shares, net of deferred offering costs (liquidation preference $112,000,000, $—, $257,000,000, $— and $—, respectively) 111,923,894 — 256,570,271 — — MuniFund Preferred (“MFP”) Shares, net of deferred offering costs (liquidation preference $405,400,000, $641,000,000, $—, $450,000,000 and $—, respectively) 404,033,874 640,046,873 — 448,908,240 — Variable Rate Demand Preferred (“VRDP”) Shares, net of deferred offering costs (liquidation preference $1,411,600,000, $727,000,000, $—, $— and $—, respectively) 1,408,222,865 722,756,919 — — — Accrued expenses: Management fees 2,940,479 1,930,308 1,206,219 960,729 944,302 Trustees fees 1,345,343 885,018 149,352 23,893 37,479 Shelf offering costs — — 21,753 128,324 140,762 Other 850,847 631,497 303,292 244,057 338,564 Total liabilities 2,162,946,592 1,398,552,636 748,116,061 479,337,661 479,029,194 Commitments and contingencies (as disclosed in Note 8) Net assets applicable to common shares $3,687,336,121 $2,414,103,735 $1,404,751,662 $ 824,271,374 $ 913,547,497 Common shares outstanding 213,425,280 142,166,619 96,700,138 53,286,080 58,565,421 Net asset value (“NAV”) per common share outstanding $ 17.28 $ 16.98 $ 14.53 $ 15.47 $ 15.60 Net assets applicable to common shares consist of: Common shares, $0.01 par value per share $ 2,134,253 $ 1,421,666 $ 967,001 $ 532,861 $ 585,654 Paid-in surplus 3,085,863,682 2,006,923,362 1,280,029,468 798,585,509 873,243,055 Total distributable earnings 599,338,186 405,758,707 123,755,193 25,153,004 39,718,788 Net assets applicable to common shares $3,687,336,121 $2,414,103,735 $1,404,751,662 $ 824,271,374 $ 913,547,497 Authorized shares: Common Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Preferred Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited Unlimited 1 Cash pledged to collateralize the net payment obligations for investments in derivatives. 2 Excludes accrued interest on reverse repurchase agreements, which is recognized above. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 172 Table of Contents Statement of Operations Year Ended October 31, 2021 NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Investment Income $231,675,353 $150,132,179 $83,387,588 $ 61,207,670 $41,349,244 Expenses Management fees 34,885,726 22,807,444 12,715,504 11,067,554 10,547,078 Interest expense and amortization of offering costs 6,709,653 13,293,920 4,620,369 4,754,449 2,996,581 Liquidity fees 10,688,193 1,619,189 — 898,706 — Remarketing fees 2,039,540 99,088 — 101,390 — Custodian fees 442,652 315,019 155,853 145,794 112,824 Trustees fees 169,686 113,597 43,482 36,547 52,541 Professional fees 816,270 304,759 184,314 189,820 185,827 Shareholder reporting expenses 226,225 145,683 77,452 10,032 30,198 Shareholder servicing agent fees 99,461 46,151 18,462 454 1,067 Stock exchange listing fees 58,012 38,642 54,964 14,491 — Investor relations expenses 166,759 109,504 39,430 34,003 88,974 Other 233,921 75,582 220,594 82,446 14,752 Total expenses 56,536,098 38,968,578 18,130,424 17,335,686 14,029,842 Net investment income (loss) 175,139,255 111,163,601 65,257,164 43,871,984 27,319,402 Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) Net realized gain (loss) from: Investments 9,098,222 4,825,339 (3,421,571) 3,406,526 21,029,408 Futures contracts — — — — (4,150,212) Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of: Investments 117,264,867 142,011,149 110,094,377 133,963,060 45,354,449 Futures contracts — — — — 783,037 Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 126,363,089 146,836,488 106,672,806 137,369,586 63,016,682 Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares from operations $301,502,344 $258,000,089 $171,929,970 $181,241,570 $90,336,084 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 173 Table of Contents Statement of Changes in Net Assets NVG NZF Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended 10/31/21 10/31/20 10/31/21 10/31/20 Operations Net investment income (loss) $ 175,139,255 $ 174,547,176 $ 111,163,601 $ 113,578,493 Net realized gain (loss) from: Investments 9,098,222 20,352,040 4,825,339 (13,050,569) Futures contracts — — — — Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of: Investments 117,264,867 (104,484,643) 142,011,149 (88,994,829) Futures contracts — — — — Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares from operations 301,502,344 90,414,573 258,000,089 11,533,095 Distributions to Common Shareholders Dividends (191,489,814) (175,828,479) (112,570,414) (107,589,117) Return of capital — — — — Decrease in net assets applicable to common shares from distributions to common shareholders (191,489,814) (175,828,479) (112,570,414) (107,589,117) Capital Share Transactions Common shares: Proceeds from sale of shares, net of offering costs — — — — Proceeds from shelf offering, net of offering costs — — — — Net proceeds from shares issued to shareholders due to reinvestment of distributions 968,023 — 708,579 — Issued in the reorganization — 184,807,196 — — Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares from capital share transactions 968,023 184,807,196 708,579 — Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares 110,980,553 99,393,290 146,138,254 (96,056,022) Net assets applicable to common shares at the beginning of period 3,576,355,568 3,476,962,278 2,267,965,481 2,364,021,503 Net assets applicable to common shares at the end of period $3,687,336,121 $3,576,355,568 $2,414,103,735 $2,267,965,481 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 174 Table of Contents NMZ NMCO Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended 10/31/21 10/31/20 10/31/21 10/31/20 Operations Net investment income (loss) $ 65,257,164 $ 54,821,399 $ 43,871,984 $ 37,835,962 Net realized gain (loss) from: Investments (3,421,571) 1,845,773 3,406,526 (76,019,228) Futures contracts — — — — Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of: Investments 110,094,377 (64,189,142) 133,963,060 (43,965,731) Futures contracts — — — — Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares from operations 171,929,970 (7,521,970) 181,241,570 (82,148,997) Distributions to Common Shareholders Dividends (67,633,664) (57,470,993) (39,638,330) (38,645,307) Return of capital — — — — Decrease in net assets applicable to common shares from distributions to common shareholders (67,633,664) (57,470,993) (39,638,330) (38,645,307) Capital Share Transactions Common shares: Proceeds from sale of shares, net of offering costs — — — — Proceeds from shelf offering, net of offering costs 201,974,141 192,765,554 157,761 — Net proceeds from shares issued to shareholders due to reinvestment of distributions 1,063,415 576,782 — 258,968 Issued in the reorganization — — — — Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares from capital share transactions 203,037,556 193,342,336 157,761 258,968 Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares 307,333,862 128,349,373 141,761,001 (120,535,336) Net assets applicable to common shares at the beginning of period 1,097,417,800 969,068,427 682,510,373 803,045,709 Net assets applicable to common shares at the end of period $1,404,751,662 $1,097,417,800 $824,271,374 $ 682,510,373 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 175 Table of Contents Statement of Changes in Net Assets (continued) NDMO For the period 8/26/20 (commencement Year Ended of operations) 10/31/21 through 10/31/20 Operations Net investment income (loss) $ 27,319,402 $ 1,525,599 Net realized gain (loss) from: Investments 21,029,408 (449,948) Futures contracts (4,150,212) — Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of: Investments 45,354,449 (1,293,659) Futures contracts 783,037 — Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares from operations 90,336,084 (218,008) Distributions to Common Shareholders Dividends (46,057,401) (4,341,885) Return of capital (6,322,022) — Decrease in net assets applicable to common shares from distributions to common shareholders (52,379,423) (4,341,885) Capital Share Transactions Common shares: Proceeds from sale of shares, net of offering costs — 851,250,000 Proceeds from shelf offering, net of offering costs 23,101,155 — Net proceeds from shares issued to shareholders due to reinvestment of distributions 5,699,569 — Issued in the reorganization — — Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares from capital share transactions 28,800,724 851,250,000 Net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares 66,757,385 846,690,107 Net assets applicable to common shares at the beginning of period 846,790,112 100,005 Net assets applicable to common shares at the end of period $913,547,497 $846,790,112 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 176 Table of Contents Statement of Cash Flows Year Ended October 31, 2021 NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Applicable to Common Shares from Operations $ 301,502,344 $ 258,000,089 $ 171,929,970 $ 181,241,570 $ 90,336,084 Adjustments to reconcile the net increase (decrease) in net assets applicable to common shares from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Purchases of investments (703,504,343) (555,979,429) (520,158,217) (177,620,793) (1,188,353,535) Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments 732,252,853 607,523,360 105,247,213 146,685,636 785,539,391 Proceeds from (Purchases of) short-term investments, net — — — 14,469,743 — Payment-in-kind distributions — (3,188) — — — Taxes paid (509,607) (30,648) (10,035) (18,421) — Amortization (Accretion) of premiums and discounts, net (5,243,363) (6,764,032) (233,687) (3,613,587) 6,648,380 Amortization of deferred offering costs 217,214 266,621 (57,086) 65,424 — Increase (Decrease) in: Receivable for dividends and interest 1,652,532 2,993,799 (7,082,409) (2,925,781) (11,479,804) Receivable for investments sold (13,605,417) (45,464,414) 4,135,070 4,230,000 19,548,725 Other assets (328,331) (201,827) (27,640) (10,246) (15,906) Receivable for variation margin on futures contracts — — — — (22,125) Increase (Decrease) in: Payable for interest (58,830) (8,198) (94,590) 15,251 367,970 Payable for investments purchased – regular settlement 36,930 — 3,392,300 (1,249,022) (4,127,121) Payable for investments purchased – when issued/ delayed-delivery settlement (2,349,331) (3,894,150) 8,428,750 (2,180,119) (28,422,893) Payable for variation margin on futures contracts — — — — 315,438 Accrued management fees 39,808 58,924 306,840 116,228 364,469 Accrued Trustees fees 356,678 234,660 46,973 15,349 35,197 Accrued other expenses 390,968 223,251 135,228 92,154 240,409 Net realized (gain) loss from: Investments (9,098,222) (4,825,339) 3,421,571 (3,406,526) (21,029,408) Paydowns (3,235) (169,015) (11,899) (355,158) 3,771 Change in net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation of investments (117,264,867) (142,011,149) (110,094,377) (133,963,060) (45,354,449) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 184,483,781 109,949,315 (340,726,025) 21,588,642 (395,405,407) See accompanying notes to financial statements. 177 Table of Contents Statement of Cash Flows (continued) NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from borrowings $ 66,050,827 $ 8,200,000 $ — $ — $ 191,900,000 (Repayments of) borrowings (66,050,827) (8,200,000) — — — Proceeds from reverse repurchase agreements 51,200,000 38,200,000 — — 44,809,557 (Repayments of) repurchase agreements (51,200,000) (38,200,000) — — — Proceeds from AMTP Shares issued, at liquidation preference — — 170,000,000 — — (Payments for) deferred offering costs — — (255,000) — — Proceeds from shelf offering, net of offering costs — — 201,295,898 (62,235) 22,861,155 Increase (Decrease) in: Cash overdraft 8,233,336 3,780,271 4,909,984 — — Accrued shelf offering costs — — (169,245) 128,324 140,762 Proceeds from floating rate obligations 460,000 — 22,992,000 3,899,000 60,500,000 (Repayments of) floating rate obligations (4,135,000) (1,875,000) — — — Cash distribution paid to common shareholders (190,505,704) (111,854,586) (65,495,130) (39,646,819) (46,547,570) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (185,947,368) (109,949,315) 333,278,507 (35,681,730) 273,663,904 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Collateral at Brokers (1,463,587) — (7,447,518) (14,093,088) (121,741,503) Cash and cash collateral at brokers at the beginning of period 1,463,587 — 7,447,518 17,480,636 129,861,979 Cash and cash collateral at brokers at the end of period $ — $ — $ — $ 3,387,548 $ 8,120,476 The
following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash collateral at brokers to the statement of assets and liabilities: NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Cash $ — $ — $ — $3,387,548 $4,615,476 Cash collateral at brokers for investments in futures contracts — — — — 3,505,000 Total cash and cash collateral at brokers $ — $ — $ — $3,387,548 $8,120,476 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest on borrowings (excluding borrowing and amortization of offering costs) $6,361,803 $13,005,986 $4,684,113 $4,630,721 $2,366,236 Non-cash financing activities not included herein consists of reinvestments of common share distributions 968,023 708,579 1,063,415 — 5,699,569 178 Table of Contents THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 179 Table of Contents Financial Highlights Selected data for a common share outstanding throughout each period: Less Distributions to Investment Operations Common Shareholders Common Share From Beginning Net Net From Accumulated Common Investment Realized/ Net Net Ending Share Income Unrealized Investment Realized Ending Share NAV (Loss) Gain (Loss) Total Income Gains Total NAV Price NVG Year Ended 10/31: 2021 $16.76 $0.82 $ 0.60 $ 1.42 $(0.81) $(0.09) $(0.90) $17.28 $17.29 2020 17.17 0.82 (0.41) 0.41 (0.79) (0.03) (0.82) 16.76 15.62 2019 15.48 0.79 1.72 2.51 (0.79) (0.03) (0.82) 17.17 16.45 2018 16.39 0.81 (0.88) (0.07) (0.84) — (0.84) 15.48 13.40 2017 16.64 0.84 (0.19) 0.65 (0.87) (0.03) (0.90) 16.39 15.17 NZF Year Ended 10/31: 2021 15.96 0.78 1.03 1.81 (0.79) — (0.79) 16.98 16.73 2020 16.63 0.80 (0.71) 0.09 (0.76) — (0.76) 15.96 14.74 2019 15.07 0.75 1.60 2.35 (0.79) — (0.79) 16.63 16.03 2018 16.03 0.81 (0.94) (0.13) (0.83) — (0.83) 15.07 13.29 2017 16.34 0.87 (0.29) 0.58 (0.89) —* (0.89) 16.03 15.01 (a) Total Return Based on Common Share NAV is the combination of changes in common share NAV,
reinvested dividend income at NAV and reinvested capital gains distributions at NAV, if any. The last dividend declared in the period,
which is typically paid on the first business day of the following month, is assumed to be reinvested at the ending NAV. The actual reinvest
price for the last dividend declared in the period may often be based on the Fund’s market price (and not its NAV), and therefore
may be different from the price used in the calculation. Total returns are not annualized. Total Return Based on Common Share Price is the combination of changes
in the market price per share and the effect of reinvested dividend income and reinvested capital gains distributions, if any, at the
average price paid per share at the time of reinvestment. The last dividend declared in the period, which is typically paid on the first
business day of the following month, is assumed to be reinvested at the ending market price. The actual reinvestment for the last dividend
declared in the period may take place over several days, and in some instances may not be based on the market price, so the actual reinvestment
price may be different from the price used in the calculation. Total returns are not annualized. 180 Table of Contents Common Share Supplemental Data/ Ratios Applicable to Common Shares Common Share Ratios to Average Net Assets Ratio to Average Net Assets Total Returns Before Reimbursement(b) After Reimbursement(b) Based Ending Based on Net Net Net Portfolio on Share Assets Investment Investment Turnover NAV(a) Price(a) (000) Expenses Income (Loss) Expenses Income (Loss) Rate(c) 8.54% 16.65% $3,687,336 1.52% 4.70% N/A N/A 12% 2.53 0.06 3,576,356 1.98 4.89 N/A N/A 15 16.52 29.47 3,476,962 2.49 4.82 N/A N/A 6 (0.50) (6.49) 3,134,970 2.40 5.02 N/A N/A 15 4.25 7.10 3,319,775 2.05 5.26 2.04%(d) 5.27%(d) 18 11.45 19.05 2,414,104 1.61 4.60 N/A N/A 15 0.58 (3.34) 2,267,965 2.04 4.95 N/A N/A 21 15.90 27.08 2,364,022 2.60 4.68 N/A N/A 12 (0.85) (6.21) 2,141,680 2.43 5.17 N/A N/A 25 3.88 7.61 2,278,904 2.12 5.58 2.11(d) 5.59(d) 21 (b) • Net Investment Income (Loss) ratios reflect income earned and expenses incurred on
assets attributable to preferred shares issued by the Fund, where applicable. • The expense ratios reflect, among other things, all interest expense and other costs related
                                                                            to preferred shares (as described in Note 5 – Fund Shares), and/or the interest expense deemed to have been paid by the Fund
                                                                            on the floating rate certificates issued by the special purpose trusts for the self-deposited inverse floaters held by the Fund (as
                                                                            described in Note 4 – Portfolio Securities and Investments in Derivatives), where applicable, as follows: NVG NZF Year Ended 10/31: Year Ended 10/31: 2021 0.52% 2021 0.62% 2020 0.97 2020 1.01 2019 1.47 2019 1.55 2018 1.37 2018 1.38 2017 1.02 2017 1.09 (c) Portfolio Turnover Rate is calculated based on the lesser of long-term purchases or sales
(as disclosed in Note 4 – Portfolio Securities and Investments in Derivatives) divided by the average long-term market value during
the period. (d) During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2017 the Adviser voluntarily reimbursed the Fund
for certain expenses incurred in connection with its reorganization. N/A Fund does not have or no longer has a contractual reimbursement with the Adviser. * Rounds to less than $0.01 per share. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 181 Table of Contents Financial Highlights (continued) Selected data for a common share outstanding throughout each period: Less Distributions to Investment Operations Common
    Shareholders Common Share Premium Per From Share Beginning Net Net From Accumulated Sold Common Investment Realized/ Net Net through Shelf Ending Share Income Unrealized Investment Realized Shelf Offering Ending Share NAV (Loss) Gain (Loss) Total Income Gains Total Offering Costs NAV Price NMZ Year Ended 10/31: 2021 $13.22 $0.72 $ 1.30 $ 2.02 $(0.77) $ — $(0.77) $0.06 $ —* $14.53 $14.71 2020 14.04 0.70 (0.82) (0.12) (0.73) — (0.73) 0.03 —* 13.22 13.22 2019 12.77 0.76 1.20 1.96 (0.70) — (0.70) 0.01 — 14.04 14.22 2018 13.47 0.82 (0.78) 0.04 (0.74) — (0.74) —* — 12.77 11.76 2017 13.68 0.80 (0.22) 0.58 (0.81) — (0.81) 0.02 — 13.47 13.53 NMCO Year Ended 10/31: 2021 12.81 0.82 2.58 3.40 (0.74) — (0.74) —* — 15.47 15.04 2020 15.08 0.71 (2.25) (1.54) (0.73) — (0.73) — — 12.81 11.68 2019(d) 15.00 0.04 0.04 0.08 — — — — — 15.08 15.39 (a) Total Return Based on Common Share NAV is the combination of changes in common share NAV,
reinvested dividend income at NAV and reinvested capital gains distributions at NAV, if any. The last dividend declared in the period,
which is typically paid on the first business day of the following month, is assumed to be reinvested at the ending NAV. The actual reinvest
price for the last dividend declared in the period may often be based on the Fund’s market price (and not its NAV), and therefore
may be different from the price used in the calculation. Total returns are not annualized. Total Return Based on Common Share Price is the combination of changes
in the market price per share and the effect of reinvested dividend income and reinvested capital gains distributions, if any, at the
average price paid per share at the time of reinvestment. The last dividend declared in the period, which is typically paid on the first
business day of the following month, is assumed to be reinvested at the ending market price. The actual reinvestment for the last dividend
declared in the period may take place over several days, and in some instances may not be based on the market price, so the actual reinvestment
price may be different from the price used in the calculation. Total returns are not annualized. 182 Table of Contents Common Share Supplemental Data/ Ratios Applicable to Common Shares Common Share Total Returns Ratios to Average Net Assets(b) Based Ending Based on Net Net Portfolio on Share Assets Investment Turnover NAV(a) Price(a) (000) Expenses Income (Loss) Rate(c) 15.80% 17.32% $1,404,752 1.43% 5.13% 6% (0.49) (1.84) 1,097,418 1.68 5.19 10 15.75 27.45 969,068 2.20 5.67 15 0.25 (7.93) 818,439 1.95 6.17 11 4.73 8.04 853,745 1.54 6.14 10 26.91 35.55 824,271 2.18 5.52 12 (10.33) (19.78) 682,510 2.41 5.24 70 0.53 2.60 803,046 1.01** 2.58** 8 (b) • Net Investment Income (Loss) ratios reflect income earned and expenses incurred on
assets attributable to preferred shares issued by the Fund. • The expense ratios reflect, among other things, all interest expense and other costs related
                                                                            to preferred shares (as described in Note 5 – Fund Shares) and/or the interest expense deemed to have been paid by the Fund on
                                                                            the floating rate certificates issued by the special purpose trusts for the self-deposited inverse floaters held by the Fund (as
                                                                            described in Note 4 – Portfolio Securities and Investments in Derivatives), where applicable, as follows: NMZ NMCO Year Ended 10/31: Year Ended 10/31: 2021 0.36% 2021 0.72% 2020 0.66 2020 1.00 2019 1.16 2019(d) 0.05** 2018 0.91 2017 0.49 (c) Portfolio Turnover Rate is calculated based on the lesser of long-term purchases or sales
(as disclosed in Note 4 – Portfolio Securities and Investments in Derivatives) divided by the average long-term market value during
the period. (d) For the period September 16, 2019 (commencement of operations) through October 31, 2019. * Rounds to less than $0.01 per share. ** Annualized. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 183 Table of Contents Financial Highlights (continued) Selected data for a common share outstanding throughout each period: Less Distributions to Investment Operations Common Shareholders Common Share From Premium Beginning Net Net From Accumulated Per Share Common Investment Realized/ Net Net Return Sold through Shelf Ending Share Income Unrealized Investment Realized of Shelf Offering Ending Share NAV (Loss) Gain (Loss) Total Income Gains Capital Total Offering Costs NAV Price NDMO Year Ended 10/31: 2021 $14.92 $0.49 $ 1.10 $1.59 $(0.50) $(0.31) $(0.11) $(0.92) $0.01 $ — $15.60 $15.64 2020(d) 15.00 0.03 (0.03) — (0.08) — — (0.08) — — 14.92 15.00 (a) Total Return Based on Common Share NAV is the combination of changes in common share NAV,
reinvested dividend income at NAV and reinvested capital gains distributions at NAV, if any. The last dividend declared in the period,
which is typically paid on the first business day of the following month, is assumed to be reinvested at the ending NAV. The actual reinvest
price for the last dividend declared in the period may often be based on the Fund’s market price (and not its NAV), and therefore
may be different from the price used in the calculation. Total returns are not annualized. Total Return Based on Common Share Price is the combination of changes
in the market price per share and the effect of reinvested dividend income and reinvested capital gains distributions, if any, at the
average price paid per share at the time of reinvestment. The last dividend declared in the period, which is typically paid on the first
business day of the following month, is assumed to be reinvested at the ending market price. The actual reinvestment for the last dividend
declared in the period may take place over several days, and in some instances may not be based on the market price, so the actual reinvestment
price may be different from the price used in the calculation. Total returns are not annualized. 184 Table of Contents Common Share Supplemental Data/ Ratios Applicable to Common Shares Common Share Total Returns Ratios to Average Net Assets(b) Based Ending Based on Net Net Portfolio on Share Assets Investment Turnover NAV(a) Price(a) (000) Expenses Income (Loss) Rate(c) 10.77% 10.47% $913,547 1.55% 3.02% 63% (0.02) 0.51 846,790 0.89* 1.06* 4 (b) • Net Investment Income (Loss) ratios reflect income earned and expenses incurred on
assets attributable to borrowings and/or reverse repurchase agreements, where applicable. • The expense ratios reflect, among other things, all interest expense and other costs related
                                                                            to borrowings and/or reverse repurchase agreements (as described in Note 9 –Borrowing Arrangements) and/or the interest
                                                                            expense deemed to have been paid by the Fund on the floating rate certificates issued by the special purpose trusts for the
                                                                            self-deposited inverse floaters held by the Fund (as described in Note 4 – Portfolio Securities and Investments in
                                                                            Derivatives), where applicable, as follows: NDMO Year Ended 10/31: 2021 0.33% 2020(d) 0.03* (c) Portfolio Turnover Rate is calculated based on the lesser of long-term purchases or sales
(as disclosed in Note 4 – Portfolio Securities and Investments in Derivatives) divided by the average long-term market value during
the period. (d) For the period August 26, 2020 (commencement of operations) through October 31, 2020. * Annualized. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 185 Table of Contents Financial Highlights (continued) AMTP, MFP, VMTP and /or VRDP Shares AMTP Shares MFP Shares VMTP Shares VRDP Shares at the End at the End of Period at the End of Period at the End of Period at the End of Period of the Period Asset Aggregate Asset Aggregate Asset Aggregate Asset Aggregate Asset Coverage Amount Coverage Amount Coverage Amount Coverage Amount Coverage Per $1 Outstanding Per $100,000 Outstanding Per $100,000 Outstanding Per $100,000 Outstanding Per $100,000 Liquidation (000) Share (000) Share(a) (000) Share (000) Share Preference NVG Year Ended 10/31: 2021 $112,000 $291,153 $405,400 $291,153 $ — $ — $1,411,600 $291,153 $2.91 2020 112,000 285,399 405,400 285,399 — — 1,411,600 285,399 2.85 2019 — — 405,400 291,357 — — 1,411,600 291,357 2.91 2018 — — 405,400 272,535 — — 1,411,600 272,535 2.73 2017 — — — — 240,400 300,955 1,411,600 300,955 3.01 NZF Year Ended 10/31: 2021 — — 641,000 276,470 — — 727,000 276,470 2.76 2020 — — 641,000 265,787 — — 727,000 265,787 2.66 2019 — — 641,000 272,809 — — 727,000 272,809 2.73 2018 — — 641,000 256,556 — — 727,000 256,556 2.57 2017 — — 150,000 287,873 336,000 287,873 727,000 287,873 2.88 (a) NVG’s Series B MFP Shares have a $1,000 liquidation preference per share, while all
other MFP Shares have a $100,000 liquidation preference per share. The asset coverage per $1,000 share for NVG’s Series B MFP Shares
were as follows: Asset Coverage Per $1,000 NVG Share Series B Year Ended 10/31: 2021 $2,912 2020 2,854 2019 2,914 2018 — 2017 — See accompanying notes to financial statements. 186 Table of Contents Borrowings AMTP Shares MFP Shares VMTP Shares at the End of Period at the End of Period at the End of Period at the End of Period Aggregate Asset Aggregate Asset Aggregate Asset Aggregate Asset Amount Coverage Amount Coverage Amount Coverage Amount Coverage Outstanding Per $1,000 Outstanding Per $100,000 Outstanding Per $100,000 Outstanding Per $100,000 (000) Share (000) Share (000) Share (000) Share NMZ Year Ended 10/31: 2021 $ — $ — $257,000 $ 646,596 $ — $ — $ — $ — 2020 — — 87,000 1,361,400 — — — — 2019 — — 87,000 1,213,872 — — — — 2018 — — 87,000 1,040,734 — — — — 2017 — — — — — — 87,000 1,081,317 NMCO Year Ended 10/31: 2021 — — — — 450,000 283,171 — — 2020 — — — — 450,000 251,669 — — 2019(b) — — — — — — — — NDMO Year Ended 10/31: 2021 191,900 5,761 — — — — — — 2020(c) — — — — — — — — (b) For the period September 16, 2019 (commencement of operations) through October 31, 2019. (c) For the period August 26, 2020 (commencement of operations) through October 31, 2020. See accompanying notes to financial statements. 187 Table of Contents Notes to Financial Statements 1.
General Information Fund Information The funds covered in this report and their corresponding New York
Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) symbols are as follows (each a “Fund” and collectively, the “Funds”): • Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund (NVG) •
Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund (NZF) • Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund (NMZ) • Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities
Fund (NMCO) • Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (NDMO) The Funds are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940
(the “1940 Act”), as amended, as diversified closed-end management investment companies. NVG, NZF, NMZ, NMCO and NDMO were
organized as Massachusetts business trusts on July 12, 1999, March 21, 2001, October 8, 2003 and April 18, 2019 and November 4, 2019,
respectively. The end of the reporting period for the Funds is October 31, 2021,
and the period covered by these Notes to Financial Statements is the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 (the “current fiscal period”). Investment Adviser and Sub-Adviser The Funds’ investment adviser is Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC
(the “Adviser”), a subsidiary of Nuveen, LLC (“Nuveen”). Nuveen is the investment management arm of Teachers Insurance
and Annuity Association of America (TIAA). The Adviser has overall responsibility for management of the Funds, oversees the management
of the Funds’ portfolios, manages the Funds’ business affairs and provides certain clerical, bookkeeping and other administrative
services, and, if necessary, asset allocation decisions. The Adviser has entered into sub-advisory agreements with Nuveen Asset Management,
LLC (the “Sub-Adviser”), a subsidiary of the Adviser, under which the Sub-Adviser manages the investment portfolios of the
Funds. Other Matters The outbreak of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) and
subsequent global pandemic began significantly impacting the U.S. and global financial markets and economies during the calendar quarter
ended March 31, 2020. The worldwide spread of COVID-19 has created significant uncertainty in the global economy. The duration and extent
of COVID-19 over the long-term cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 and the extent to which COVID-19
impacts the Funds’ normal course of business, results of operations, investments, and cash flows will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. Management continues to monitor and evaluate this situation. 2. Significant Accounting Policies The accompanying financial statements were prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”), which may require the use of
estimates made by management and the evaluation of subsequent events. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Each Fund is an
investment company and follows the accounting guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards
Codification 946, Financial Services—Investment Companies. The NAV for financial reporting purposes may differ from the NAV for
processing security and common share transactions. The NAV for financial reporting purposes includes security and common share transactions
through the date of the report. Total return is computed based on the NAV used for processing security and common share transactions.
The following is a summary of the significant accounting policies consistently followed by the Funds. Compensation The Funds pay no compensation directly to those of its trustees
who are affiliated with the Adviser or to its officers, all of whom receive remuneration for their services to the Funds from the Adviser
or its affiliates. The Funds’ Board of Trustees (the “Board”) has adopted a deferred compensation plan for independent
trustees that enables trustees to elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of the annual compensation they are entitled to receive from
certain Nuveen-advised funds. Under the plan, deferred amounts are treated as though equal dollar amounts had been invested in shares
of select Nuveen-advised funds. Distributions to Common Shareholders Distributions to common shareholders are recorded on the ex-dividend
date. The amount, character and timing of distributions are determined in accordance with federal income tax regulations, which may differ
from U.S. GAAP. 188 Table of Contents NDMO makes monthly cash distributions to common shareholders of
a stated dollar amount per share. Subject to approval and oversight by the Board, the Fund seeks to maintain a stable distribution level
designed to deliver the long-term return potential of the Fund’s investment strategy through regular monthly distributions (a “Managed
Distribution Program”). Total distributions during a calendar year generally will be made from the Fund’s net investment income,
net realized capital gains and net unrealized capital gains in the Fund’s portfolio, if any. The portion of distributions paid attributed
to net unrealized gains, if any, is distributed from the Fund’s assets and is treated by common shareholders as a nontaxable distribution
(“return of capital”) for tax purposes. In the event that total distributions during a calendar year exceed the Fund’s
total return on NAV, the difference will reduce NAV per share. If the Fund’s total return on NAV exceeds total distributions during
a calendar year, the excess will be reflected as an increase in NAV per share. The final determination of the source and character of
all distributions paid by the Fund during the fiscal year is made after the end of the fiscal year and is reflected in the financial statements
contained in the annual report as of October 31 each year. Indemnifications Under the Funds’ organizational documents, their officers
and trustees are indemnified against certain liabilities arising out of the performance of their duties to the Funds. In addition, in
the normal course of business, the Funds enter into contracts that provide general indemnifications to other parties. The Funds’
maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Funds that have
not yet occurred. However, the Funds have not had prior claims or losses pursuant to these contracts and expect the risk of loss to be
remote. Investments and Investment Income Securities transactions are accounted for as of the trade date for
financial reporting purposes. Realized gains and losses on securities transactions are based upon the specific identification method.
Investment income is comprised of interest income, which is recorded on an accrual basis and includes accretion of discounts and amortization
of premiums for financial reporting purposes. Investment income also reflects payment-in-kind (“PIK”) interest and paydown
gains and losses, if any. PIK interest represents income received in the form of securities in lieu of cash. Investment income also reflects
dividend income, which is recorded on the ex-dividend date. Netting Agreements In the ordinary course of business, the Funds may enter into transactions
subject to enforceable International Swaps and Derivative Association, Inc. (ISDA) master agreements or other similar arrangements (“netting
agreements”). Generally, the right to offset in netting agreements allows each Fund to offset certain securities and derivatives
with a specific counterparty, when applicable, as well as any collateral received or delivered to that counterparty based on the terms
of the agreements. Generally, each Fund manages its cash collateral and securities collateral on a counterparty basis. The Funds’ investments subject to netting agreements as of
the end of the reporting period, if any, are further described in Note 4 – Portfolio Securities and Investments in Derivatives. New Accounting Pronouncements and Rule Issuances Reference Rate Reform In March 2020, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)
2020-04, Reference Rate Reform: Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. The main objective of the
new guidance is to provide relief to companies that will be impacted by the expected change in benchmark interest rates, when participating
banks will no longer be required to submit London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) quotes by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The
new guidance allows companies to, provided the only change to existing contracts are a change to an approved benchmark interest rate,
account for modifications as a continuance of the existing contract without additional analysis. For new and existing contracts, the Funds
may elect to apply the amendments as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. Management has not yet elected to apply the amendments,
is continuously evaluating the potential effect a discontinuation of LIBOR could have on the Funds’ investments and has currently
determined that it is unlikely the ASU’s adoption will have a significant impact on the Funds’ financial statements and various
filings. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Adopts
New Rules to Modernize Fund Valuation Framework In December 2020, the SEC voted to adopt a new rule governing fund
valuation practices. New Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of
the 1940 Act. Rule 2a-5 will permit fund boards to designate certain parties to perform fair value determinations, subject to board oversight
and certain other conditions. Rule 2a-5 also defines when market quotations are “readily available” for purposes of Section
2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act, which requires a fund to fair value a security when market quotations are not readily available. The SEC also
adopted new Rule 31a-4 under the 1940 Act, which sets forth the recordkeeping requirements associated with fair value determinations.
Finally, the SEC is rescinding previously issued guidance on related issues, including the role of a board in determining fair value and
the accounting and auditing of fund investments. Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4 became effective on March 8, 2021, with a compliance date of
September 8, 2022. A fund may voluntarily comply with the rules after the effective date, and in advance of the compliance date, under
certain conditions. Management is currently assessing the impact of these provisions on the Funds’ financial statements. 189 Table of Contents Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 3. Investment Valuation and Fair Value Measurements The Funds’ investments in securities are recorded at their
estimated fair value utilizing valuation methods approved by the Board. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received upon
selling an investment or transferring a liability in an orderly transaction to an independent buyer in the principal or most advantageous
market for the investment. U.S. GAAP establishes the three-tier hierarchy which is used to maximize the use of observable market data
and minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to establish classification of fair value measurements for disclosure purposes. Observable
inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Observable inputs are based on market
data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity. Unobservable inputs reflect management’s assumptions about the assumptions
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs are based on the best information available in the
circumstances. The following is a summary of the three-tiered hierarchy of valuation input levels. Level 1 – Inputs are unadjusted and prices are determined
using quoted prices in active markets for identical securities. Level 2 – Prices are determined using other significant observable
inputs (including quoted prices for similar securities, interest rates, credit spreads, etc.). Level 3 – Prices are determined using significant unobservable
inputs (including management’s assumptions in determining the fair value of investments). A description of the valuation techniques applied to the Funds’
major classifications of assets and liabilities measured at fair value follows: Prices of fixed-income securities are generally provided by an independent
pricing service (“pricing service”) approved by the Board. The pricing service establishes a security’s fair value using
methods that may include consideration of the following: yields or prices of investments of comparable quality, type of issue, coupon,
maturity and rating, market quotes or indications of value from security dealers, evaluations of anticipated cash flows or collateral,
general market conditions and other information and analysis, including the obligor’s credit characteristics considered relevant.
In pricing certain securities, particularly less liquid and lower quality securities, the pricing service may consider information about
a security, its issuer or market activity provided by the Adviser. These securities are generally classified as Level 2. Investments in investment companies are valued at their respective
NAVs on the valuation date and are generally classified as Level 1. Equity securities and exchange-traded funds listed or traded on
a national market or exchange are valued based on their sale price at the official close of business of such market or exchange on the
valuation date. Foreign equity securities and registered investment companies that trade on a foreign exchange are valued at the last
sale price or official closing price reported on the exchange where traded and converted to U.S. dollars at the prevailing rates of exchange
on the date of valuation. To the extent these securities are actively traded and that valuation adjustments are not applied, they are
generally classified as Level 1. If there is no official close of business, then the latest available sale price is utilized. If no sales
are reported, then the mean of the latest available bid and ask prices is utilized and these securities are generally classified as Level
2. Futures contracts are valued using closing settlement price or,
in the absence of such a price, the last traded price and are generally classified as level 1. Any portfolio security or derivative for which market quotations
are not readily available or for which the above valuation procedures are deemed not to reflect fair value are valued at fair value, as
determined in good faith using procedures approved by the Board. As a general principle, the fair value of a security would appear to
be the amount that the owner might reasonably expect to receive for it in a current sale. A variety of factors may be considered in determining
the fair value of such securities, which may include consideration of the following: yields or prices of investments of comparable quality,
type of issue, coupon, maturity and rating, market quotes or indications of value from security dealers, evaluations of anticipated cash
flows or collateral, general market conditions and other information and analysis, including the obligor’s credit characteristics
considered relevant. To the extent the inputs are observable and timely, the values would be classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy;
otherwise they would be classified as Level 3. The following table summarizes the market value of the Funds’
investments as of the end of the reporting period, based on the inputs used to value them: NVG Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Long-Term Investments: Municipal Bonds* $ — $5,709,057,408 $3,812,419*** $5,712,869,827 Common Stocks** — 32,378,245**** — 32,378,245 Total $ — $5,741,435,653 $3,812,419 $5,745,248,072 NZF Long-Term Investments: Municipal Bonds* $ — $3,652,962,376 $660,682*** $3,653,623,058 Common Stocks** — 56,933,668**** — 56,933,668 Investment Companies 1,921,713 — — 1,921,713 Corporate Bonds** — 339,544 — 339,544 Total $1,921,713 $3,710,235,588 $660,682 $3,712,817,983 190 Table of Contents NMZ Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Long-Term Investments: Municipal Bonds* $ — $2,059,456,894 $2,461,970*** $2,061,918,864 Common Stocks** 4,368,269 35,945,651**** — 40,313,920 Corporate Bonds** — 11,953,599 128,102*** 12,081,701 Total $4,368,269 $2,107,356,144 $2,590,072 $2,114,314,485 NMCO Long-Term Investments: Municipal Bonds* $ — $1,231,846,236 $1,875,712*** $1,233,721,948 Common Stocks** — 41,130,035**** — 41,130,035 Exchange-Traded Funds 1,986,880 — — 1,986,880 Short-Term Investments: Municipal Bonds* — 865,417 — 865,417 Total $1,986,880 $1,273,841,688 $1,875,712 $1,277,704,280 NDMO Long-Term Investments: Municipal Bonds* $ — $1,357,672,594 $ — $1,357,672,594 Corporate Bonds** — 1,779,735 — 1,779,735 Investments in Derivatives: Futures Contracts***** 783,037 — — 783,037 Total $783,037 $1,359,452,329 $ — $1,360,235,366 * Refer to the Fund’s Portfolio of Investments for state classifications. ** Refer to the Fund’s Portfolio of Investments for industry classifications. *** Refer to the Fund’s Portfolio of Investments for securities classified as Level 3. **** Refer to the Fund’s Portfolio of Investments for securities classified as Level 2. ***** Represents net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) as reported in the Fund’s Portfolio
of Investments. The Funds hold liabilities in floating rate obligations and preferred
shares, where applicable, which are not reflected in the tables above. The fair values of the Funds’ liabilities for floating rate
obligations approximate their liquidation values. Floating rate obligations are generally classified as Level 2 and further described
in Note 4 – Portfolio Securities and Investments in Derivatives. The fair values of the Funds’ liabilities for preferred shares
approximate their liquidation preference. Preferred shares are generally classified as Level 2 and further described in Note 5 –
Fund Shares. 4. Portfolio Securities and Investments in Derivatives Portfolio Securities Inverse Floating Rate Securities Each Fund is authorized to invest in inverse floating rate securities.
An inverse floating rate security is created by depositing a municipal bond (referred to as an “Underlying Bond”), typically
with a fixed interest rate, into a special purpose tender option bond (“TOB”) trust (referred to as the “TOB Trust”)
created by or at the direction of one or more Funds. In turn, the TOB Trust issues (a) floating rate certificates (referred to as “Floaters”)
in face amounts equal to some fraction of the Underlying Bond’s par amount or market value, and (b) an inverse floating rate certificate
(referred to as an “Inverse Floater”) that represents all remaining or residual interest in the TOB Trust. Floaters typically
pay short-term tax-exempt interest rates to third parties who are also provided a right to tender their certificate and receive its par
value, which may be paid from the proceeds of a remarketing of the Floaters, by a loan to the TOB Trust from a third party liquidity provider
(“Liquidity Provider”), or by the sale of assets from the TOB Trust. The Inverse Floater is issued to a long term investor,
such as one or more of the Funds. The income received by the Inverse Floater holder varies inversely with the short-term rate paid to
holders of the Floaters, and in most circumstances the Inverse Floater holder bears substantially all of the Underlying Bond’s downside
investment risk and also benefits disproportionately from any potential appreciation of the Underlying Bond’s value. The value of
an Inverse Floater will be more volatile than that of the Underlying Bond because the interest rate is dependent on not only the fixed
coupon rate of the Underlying Bond but also on the short-term interest paid on the Floaters, and because the Inverse Floater essentially
bears the risk of loss (and possible gain) of the greater face value of the Underlying Bond. The Inverse Floater held by a Fund gives the Fund the right to (a)
cause the holders of the Floaters to tender their certificates at par (or slightly more than par in certain circumstances), and (b) have
the trustee of the TOB Trust (the “Trustee”) transfer the Underlying Bond held by the TOB Trust to the Fund, thereby collapsing
the TOB Trust. The Fund may acquire an Inverse Floater in a transaction where it
(a) transfers an Underlying Bond that it owns to a TOB Trust created by a third party or (b) transfers an Underlying Bond that it owns,
or that it has purchased in a secondary market transaction for the purpose of creating an Inverse 191 Table of Contents Notes to Financial Statements (continued) Floater, to a TOB Trust created at its direction, and in return
receives the Inverse Floater of the TOB Trust (referred to as a “self-deposited Inverse Floater”). A Fund may also purchase
an Inverse Floater in a secondary market transaction from a third party creator of the TOB Trust without first owning the Underlying Bond
(referred to as an “externally-deposited Inverse Floater”). An investment in a self-deposited Inverse Floater is accounted for
as a “financing” transaction (i.e., a secured borrowing). For a self-deposited Inverse Floater, the Underlying Bond deposited
into the TOB Trust is identified in the Fund’s Portfolio of Investments as “(UB) – Underlying bond of an inverse floating
rate trust reflected as a financing transaction,” with the Fund recognizing as liabilities, labeled “Floating rate obligations”
on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities, (a) the liquidation value of Floaters issued by the TOB Trust, and (b) the amount of any borrowings
by the TOB Trust from a Liquidity Provider to enable the TOB Trust to purchase outstanding Floaters in lieu of a remarketing. In addition,
the Fund recognizes in “Investment Income” the entire earnings of the Underlying Bond, and recognizes (a) the interest paid
to the holders of the Floaters or on the TOB Trust’s borrowings, and (b) other expenses related to remarketing, administration,
trustee, liquidity and other services to a TOB Trust, as a component of “Interest expense and amortization of offering costs”
on the Statement of Operations. Earnings due from the Underlying Bond and interest due to the holders of the Floaters as of the end of
the reporting period are recognized as components of “Receivable for interest” and “Payable for interest” on the
Statement of Assets and Liabilities, respectively. In contrast, an investment in an externally-deposited Inverse Floater
is accounted for as a purchase of the Inverse Floater and is identified in the Fund’s Portfolio of Investments as “(IF) –
Inverse floating rate investment.” For an externally-deposited Inverse Floater, a Fund’s Statement of Assets and Liabilities
recognizes the Inverse Floater and not the Underlying Bond as an asset, and the Fund does not recognize the Floaters, or any related borrowings
from a Liquidity Provider, as a liability. Additionally, the Fund reflects in “Investment Income” only the net amount of earnings
on the Inverse Floater (net of the interest paid to the holders of the Floaters or the Liquidity Provider as lender, and the expenses
of the Trust), and does not show the amount of that interest paid or the expenses of the TOB Trust as described above as interest expense
on the Statement of Operations. Fees paid upon the creation of a TOB Trust for self-deposited Inverse
Floaters and externally-deposited Inverse Floaters are recognized as part of the cost basis of the Inverse Floater and are capitalized
over the term of the TOB Trust. As of the end of the reporting period, the aggregate value of Floaters
issued by each Fund’s TOB Trust for self-deposited Inverse Floaters and externally-deposited Inverse Floaters was as follows: Floating Rate Obligations Outstanding NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Floating rate obligations: self-deposited Inverse Floaters $187,400,000 $14,400,000 $457,043,000 $25,822,000 $204,590,000 Floating rate obligations: externally-deposited Inverse Floaters 68,675,000 5,095,000 41,530,000 — — Total $256,075,000 $19,495,000 $498,573,000 $25,822,000 $204,590,000 During the current fiscal period, the average amount of Floaters
(including any borrowings from a Liquidity Provider) outstanding, and the average annual interest rate and fees related to self-deposited
Inverse Floaters, were as follows: Self-Deposited Inverse Floaters NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Average floating rate obligations outstanding $187,748,904 $14,949,658 $437,238,690 $22,560,663 $184,601,288 Average annual interest rate and fees 0.56% 0.68% 0.61% 0.69% 0.68% TOB Trusts are supported by a liquidity facility provided by a Liquidity
Provider pursuant to which the Liquidity Provider agrees, in the event that Floaters are (a) tendered to the Trustee for remarketing and
the remarketing does not occur, or (b) subject to mandatory tender pursuant to the terms of the TOB Trust agreement, to either purchase
Floaters or to provide the Trustee with an advance from a loan facility to fund the purchase of Floaters by the TOB Trust. In certain
circumstances, the Liquidity Provider may otherwise elect to have the Trustee sell the Underlying Bond to retire the Floaters that were
tendered and not remarketed prior to providing such a loan. In these circumstances, the Liquidity Provider remains obligated to provide
a loan to the extent that the proceeds of the sale of the Underlying Bond is not sufficient to pay the purchase price of the Floaters. The size of the commitment under the loan facility for a given TOB
Trust is at least equal to the balance of that TOB Trust’s outstanding Floaters plus any accrued interest. In consideration of the
loan facility, fee schedules are in place and are charged by the Liquidity Provider(s). Any loans made by the Liquidity Provider will
be secured by the purchased Floaters held by the TOB Trust. Interest paid on any outstanding loan balances will be effectively borne by
the Fund that owns the Inverse Floaters of the TOB Trust that has incurred the borrowing and may be at a rate that is greater than the
rate that would have been paid had the Floaters been successfully remarketed. As described above, any amounts outstanding under a liquidity facility
are recognized as a component of “Floating rate obligations” on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities by the Fund holding
the corresponding Inverse Floaters issued by the borrowing TOB Trust. As of the end of the reporting period, NDMO had outstanding borrowings
under such liquidity facilities in the amount of $58,793, which are recognized as a component of “Floating rate obligations”
on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. There were no loans outstanding under such facilities for other Funds as of the end of the
reporting period. 192 Table of Contents Each Fund may also enter into shortfall and forbearance agreements
(sometimes referred to as a “recourse arrangement”) (TOB Trusts involving such agreements are referred to herein as “Recourse
Trusts”), under which a Fund agrees to reimburse the Liquidity Provider for the Trust’s Floaters, in certain circumstances,
for the amount (if any) by which the liquidation value of the Underlying Bond held by the TOB Trust may fall short of the sum of the liquidation
value of the Floaters issued by the TOB Trust plus any amounts borrowed by the TOB Trust from the Liquidity Provider, plus any shortfalls
in interest cash flows. Under these agreements, a Fund’s potential exposure to losses related to or on an Inverse Floater may increase
beyond the value of the Inverse Floater as a Fund may potentially be liable to fulfill all amounts owed to holders of the Floaters or
the Liquidity Provider. Any such shortfall amount in the aggregate is recognized as “Unrealized depreciation on Recourse Trusts”
on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. As of the end of the reporting period, each Fund’s maximum
exposure to the Floaters issued by Recourse Trusts for self-deposited Inverse Floaters and externally-deposited Inverse Floaters was as
follows: Floating Rate Obligations – Recourse Trusts NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Maximum exposure to Recourse Trusts: self-deposited Inverse Floaters $181,130,000 $ 6,900,000 $432,143,000 $25,822,000 $204,590,000 Maximum exposure to Recourse Trusts: externally-deposited Inverse Floaters 56,320,000 3,420,000 41,530,000 — — Total $237,450,000 $10,320,000 $473,673,000 $25,822,000 $204,590,000 Zero Coupon Securities A zero coupon security does not pay a regular interest coupon to
its holders during the life of the security. Income to the holder of the security comes from accretion of the difference between the original
purchase price of the security at issuance and the par value of the security at maturity and is effectively paid at maturity. The market
prices of zero coupon securities generally are more volatile than the market prices of securities that pay interest periodically. Investment Transactions Long-term purchases and sales (including maturities but excluding
derivative transactions, where applicable) during the current fiscal period were as follows: NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Purchases $703,504,343 $555,979,429 $520,158,217 $177,620,793 $1,188,353,535 Sales and maturities 732,252,853 607,523,360 105,247,213 146,685,636 785,539,391 The Funds may purchase securities on a when-issued or delayed-delivery
basis. Securities purchased on a when-issued or delayed-delivery basis may have extended settlement periods; interest income is not accrued
until settlement date. Any securities so purchased are subject to market fluctuation during this period. The Funds have earmarked securities
in their portfolios with a current value at least equal to the amount of the when-issued/delayed delivery purchase commitments. If a Fund
has outstanding when-issued/delayed-delivery purchases commitments as of the end of the reporting period, such amounts are recognized
on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Investments in Derivatives In addition to the inverse floating rate securities in which each
Fund may invest, which are considered portfolio securities for financial reporting purposes, each Fund is authorized to invest in certain
derivative instruments such as futures, options and swap contracts. Each Fund limits its investments in futures, options on futures and
swap contracts to the extent necessary for the Adviser to claim the exclusion from registration by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
as a commodity pool operator with respect to the Fund. The Funds record derivative instruments at fair value, with changes in fair value
recognized on the Statement of Operations, when applicable. Even though the Funds’ investments in derivatives may represent economic
hedges, they are not considered to be hedge transactions for financial reporting purposes. Futures Contracts Upon execution of a futures contract, a Fund is obligated to deposit
cash or eligible securities, also known as “initial margin,” into an account at its clearing broker equal to a specified percentage
of the contract amount. Cash held by the broker to cover initial margin requirements on open futures contracts, if any, is recognized
as “Cash collateral at brokers for investments in futures contracts” on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Investments
in futures contracts obligate a Fund and the clearing broker to settle monies on a daily basis representing changes in the prior days
“mark-to-market” of the open contracts. If a Fund has unrealized appreciation the clearing broker would credit the Fund’s
account with an amount equal to appreciation and conversely if a Fund has unrealized depreciation the clearing broker would debit the
Fund’s account with an amount equal to depreciation. These daily cash settlements are also known as “variation margin.”
Variation margin is recognized as a receivable and/or payable for “Variation margin on futures contracts” on the Statement
of Assets and Liabilities. During the period the futures contract is open, changes in the value
of the contract are recognized as an unrealized gain or loss by “marking-to-market” on a daily basis to reflect the changes
in market value of the contract, which is recognized as a component of “Change in net unrealized appreciation 193 Table of Contents Notes to Financial Statements (continued) (depreciation) of futures contracts” on the Statement of Operations.
When the contract is closed or expired, a Fund records a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract
on the closing date and value of the contract when originally entered into, which is recognized as a component of “Net realized
gain (loss) from futures contracts” on the Statement of Operations. Risks of investments in futures contracts include the possible adverse
movement in the price of the securities or indices underlying the contracts, the possibility that there may not be a liquid secondary
market for the contracts and/or that a change in the value of the contract may not correlate with a change in the value of the underlying
securities or indices. During the current reporting period, NDMO managed the duration of
its portfolio by shorting interest rate futures contracts. The average notional amount of futures contracts outstanding during
the current fiscal period was as follows: NDMO Average notional amount of futures contracts outstanding* $132,763,616 * The average notional amount is calculated based on the absolute aggregate notional amount
of contracts outstanding at the beginning of the current fiscal period and at the end of each fiscal quarter within the current fiscal
period. The following table presents the fair value of all futures contracts
held by the Fund as of the end of the reporting period, the location of these instruments on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities and
the primary underlying risk exposure. Location on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities Underlying Derivative Asset Derivatives (Liability)
    Derivatives Risk Exposure Instrument Location Value Location Value NDMO Interest rate Futures contracts Receivable for variation margin on $1,091,224 Payable for variation margin $ 362,602 futures contracts on futures contracts* Payable for variation margin $(670,789) on futures contracts* * Value represents the cumulative unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of futures contracts
as reported in the Fund's Portfolio of Investments and not the daily asset and/or liability derivatives location as described in the
table above. The following table presents the amount of net realized gain (loss)
and change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) recognized on futures contracts on the Statement of Operations during the current
fiscal period, and the primary underlying risk exposure. Net Realized Changes in Net Unrealized Underlying Risk Derivative Gain (Loss) from Appreciation (Depreciation) of Fund Exposure Instrument Futures Contracts Futures Contracts NDMO Interest rate Futures contracts $(4,150,212) $783,037 Market and Counterparty Credit Risk In the normal course of business each Fund may invest in financial
instruments and enter into financial transactions where risk of potential loss exists due to changes in the market (market risk) or failure
of the other party to the transaction to perform (counterparty credit risk). The potential loss could exceed the value of the financial
assets recorded on the financial statements. Financial assets, which potentially expose each Fund to counterparty credit risk, consist
principally of cash due from counterparties on forward, option and swap transactions, when applicable. The extent of each Fund’s
exposure to counterparty credit risk in respect to these financial assets approximates their carrying value as recorded on the Statement
of Assets and Liabilities. Each Fund helps manage counterparty credit risk by entering into
agreements only with counterparties the Adviser believes have the financial resources to honor their obligations and by having the Adviser
monitor the financial stability of the counterparties. Additionally, counterparties may be required to pledge collateral daily (based
on the daily valuation of the financial asset) on behalf of each Fund with a value approximately equal to the amount of any unrealized
gain above a pre-determined threshold. Reciprocally, when each Fund has an unrealized loss, the Funds have instructed the custodian to
pledge assets of the Funds as collateral with a value approximately equal to the amount of the unrealized loss above a pre-determined
threshold. Collateral pledges are monitored and subsequently adjusted if and when the valuations fluctuate, either up or down, by at least
the pre-determined threshold amount. 5. Fund Shares Common Shares Common Shares Equity Shelf Programs and Offering Costs NMZ, NMCO and NDMO have filed a registration statement with the
SEC authorizing each Fund to issue additional common shares through one or more equity shelf programs (“Shelf Offering”),
which became effective with the SEC during a prior or current fiscal period. 194 Table of Contents Under these Shelf Offerings, the Funds, subject to market conditions,
may raise additional equity capital by issuing additional common shares from time to time in varying amounts and by different offering
methods at a net price at or above the Fund’s NAV per common share. In the event the Fund’s Shelf Offering registration statement
is no longer current, the Fund may not issue additional common shares until a post-effective amendment to the registration statement has
been filed with the SEC. Additional authorized common shares, common shares sold and offering
proceeds, net of offering costs under each Fund’s Shelf Offering during the Funds’ current and prior fiscal period were as
follows: NMZ NMCO NDMO Year Year Year Year Year Year Ended Ended Ended Ended Ended Ended 10/31/21* 10/31/20 10/31/21** 10/31/20 10/31/21*** 10/31/20 Maximum aggregate offering Unlimited 19,500,000 90,000,000 — 250,000,000 — Common shares sold 13,616,818 13,935,297 10,000 — 1,449,334 — Offering proceeds, net of offering costs $201,974,141 $192,765,554 $157,761 — $ 23,101,155 — * For the period March 8, 2021 through October 30, 2021. The Fund carried forward 13,340,607
common shares from the 19,500,000 additional previously authorized common shares. ** For the period March 25, 2021 through October 31, 2021. *** For the period August 26, 2021 through October 31, 2021. Costs incurred by the Funds in connection with their initial shelf
registrations are recorded as a prepaid expense and recognized as “Deferred offering costs” on the Statement of Assets and
Liabilities. These costs are amortized pro rata as common shares are sold and are recognized as a component of “Proceeds from shelf
offering, net of offering costs” on the Statement of Changes in Net Assets. Any deferred offering costs remaining one year after
effectiveness of the initial shelf registration will be expensed. Costs incurred by the Funds to keep the shelf registration current are
expensed as incurred and recognized as a component of “Other expenses” on the Statement of Operations. Common Share Transactions Transactions in common shares for the Funds during the Funds’
current and prior fiscal period, where applicable, were as follows: NVG NZF NMZ Year Year Year Year Year Year Ended Ended Ended Ended Ended Ended 10/31/21 10/31/20 10/31/21 10/31/20 10/31/21 10/31/20 Common shares: Issued in the reorganization — 10,817,649 — — — — Issued to shareholders due to reinvestment of distributions 54,736 — 40,713 — 73,944 42,176 Sold through shelf offering — — — — 13,616,818 13,935,297 Weighted average common share: Premium to NAV per shelf offering share sold — — — — 2.75% 1.38% NMCO* NDMO* For the period 8/26/20 (commencement Year Year Year of operations) Ended Ended Ended through 10/31/21 10/31/20 10/31/21 10/31/20 Common shares: Issued to shareholders due to reinvestment of distributions — 19,413 359,420 — Sold — — — 56,750,000 Sold through shelf offering 10,000 — 1,449,334 — Weighted average common share: Premium to NAV per shelf offering share sold 1.09% — 1.58% — * Prior to the commencement of operations, the Adviser purchased 6,667 shares, which are still
held as of the end of the reporting period. 195 Table of Contents Notes to Financial Statements (continued) Preferred
Shares Adjustable Rate MuniFund Term Preferred Shares NVG and NMZ have issued and have outstanding Adjustable Rate MuniFund
Term Preferred (“AMTP”) Shares, with a $100,000 liquidation preference per share. AMTP Shares are issued via private placement
and are not publicly available. As of the end of the reporting period, NVG and NMZ had $111,923,894
and $256,570,271 AMTP Shares at liquidation preference, net of deferred offering costs, respectively. Further details of each Fund’s
AMTP Shares outstanding as of the end of the reporting period, were as follows: Shares Liquidation Fund Series Outstanding Preference NVG 2028 1,120 $112,000,000 NMZ 2028 870 $87,000,000 2031 1,700 $170,000,000 Each Fund is obligated to redeem its AMTP Shares by the date as
specified in its offering document (“Term Redemption Date”), unless earlier redeemed by the Fund. AMTP Shares are subject
to optional and mandatory redemption in certain circumstances. The AMTP Shares may be redeemed at the option of the Fund, subject to payment
of premium for approximately six months following the date of issuance (“Premium Expiration Date”), and at the redemption
price per share thereafter. The redemption price per share is equal to the sum of the liquidation preference per share plus any accumulated
but unpaid dividends. AMTP Shares are short-term or short/intermediate-term instruments
that pay a variable dividend rate tied to a short-term index, plus an additional fixed “spread” amount which is initially
established at the time of issuance and may be adjusted in the future based upon a mutual agreement between the majority owner and the
Fund. From time-to-time the majority owner may propose to the Fund an adjustment to the dividend rate. Should the majority owner and the
Fund fail to agree upon an adjusted dividend rate, and such proposed dividend rate adjustment is not withdrawn, the Fund will be required
to redeem all outstanding shares upon the end of a notice period. In addition, the Funds may be obligated to redeem a certain amount
of the AMTP Shares if the Funds fails to maintain certain asset coverage and leverage ratio requirements and such failures are not cured
by the applicable cure date. The Term Redemption Date and Premium Expiration Date for each Fund’s AMTP Shares are as follows: Notice Term Premium Fund Period Series Redemption Date Expiration Date NVG 540-day 2028 December 1, 2028** February 13, 2019 NMZ 360-day 2028 March 1, 2028** August 31, 2018 360-day 2031 April 1, 2031** April 18, 2022 ** Subject to early termination by either the Fund or the holder. The average liquidation preference of AMTP Shares outstanding and
annualized dividend rate for each Fund during the current fiscal period were as follows: NVG NMZ Average liquidation preference of AMTP Shares outstanding $112,000,000 $178,287,671 Annualized dividend rate 0.88% 0.96% AMTP Shares are subject to restrictions on transfer, generally do
not trade, and market quotations are generally not available. The fair value of AMTP Shares is expected to be approximately their liquidation
preference so long as the fixed “spread” on the AMTP Shares remains roughly in line with the “spread” being demanded
by investors on instruments having similar terms in the current market environment. In present market conditions, the Funds’ Adviser
has determined that the fair value of AMTP Shares is approximately their liquidation preference, but their fair value could vary if market
conditions change materially. For financial reporting purposes, the liquidation preference of AMTP Shares is a liability and is recognized
as a component of “Adjustable Rate MuniFund Term Preferred (“AMTP”) Shares, net of deferred offering costs” on
the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. AMTP Share dividends are treated as interest payments for financial
reporting purposes. Unpaid dividends on AMTP Shares are recognized as a component of “Interest payable” on the Statement of
Assets and Liabilities. Dividends accrued on AMTP Shares are recognized as a component of “Interest expense and amortization of
offering costs” on the Statement of Operations. 196 Table of Contents NMZ incurred offering costs of $465,000 per cash flow in connection
with its offering of AMTP Shares, which were recorded as a deferred charge and are being amortized over the life of the shares. These
offerings are recognized as components of “Adjustable Rate MuniFund Term Preferred (“AMTP”) Shares, net of deferred
offering costs” on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities and “Interest expense and amortization of offering costs”
on the Statement of Operations. MuniFund Preferred Shares NVG, NZF and NMCO have issued and have outstanding MuniFund Preferred
(“MFP”) Shares, with a $100,000 ($1,000 for NVG’s Series B) liquidation preference per share. These MFP Shares were
issued via private placement and are not publically available. The Funds are obligated to redeem their MFP Shares by the date as
specified in its offering documents (“Term Redemption Date”), unless earlier redeemed by the Funds. MFP Shares are initially
issued in a pre-specified mode, however, MFP Shares can be subsequently designated as an alternative mode at a later date at the discretion
of the Funds. The modes within MFP Shares detail the dividend mechanics and are described as follows. At a subsequent date, the Fund may
establish additional mode structures with the MFP Share. • Variable Rate Remarketed Mode (“VRRM”) – Dividends for MFP Shares within
this mode will be established by a remarketing agent; therefore, market value of the MFP Shares is expected to approximate its liquidation
preference. Shareholders have the ability to request a best-efforts tender of its shares upon seven days notice. If the remarketing agent
is unable to identify an alternative purchaser, the shares will be retained by the shareholder requesting tender and the subsequent dividend
rate will increase to its step-up dividend rate. If after one consecutive year of unsuccessful remarketing attempts, the Fund will be
required to designate an alternative mode or redeem the shares. Each Fund will pay a remarketing fee on the aggregate principal
amount of all MFP Shares while designated in VRRM. Payments made by the Fund to the remarketing agent are recognized as “Remarketing
fees” on the Statement of Operations. • Variable Rate Mode (“VRM”) – Dividends for MFP Shares designated in this
mode are based upon a short-term index plus an additional fixed “spread” amount established at the time of issuance or renewal
/ conversion of its mode. At the end of the period of the mode, the Fund will be required to either extend the term of the mode, designate
an alternative mode or redeem the MFP Shares. The fair value of MFP Shares while in VRM are expected to approximate
their liquidation preference so long as the fixed “spread” on the shares remains roughly in line with the “spread”
being demanded by investors on instruments having similar terms in the current market. In current market conditions, the Adviser has determined
that the fair value of the shares are approximately their liquidation preference, but their fair value could vary if market conditions
change materially. • Variable Rate Demand Mode (“VRDM”) – Dividends for MFP Shares designated
in this mode will be established by a remarketing agent; therefore, the market value of the MFP Shares is expected to approximate its
liquidation preference. While in this mode, Shares will have an unconditional liquidity feature that enable its shareholders to require
a liquidity provider, which the Fund has entered into a contractual agreement, to purchase shares in the event that the shares are not
able to be successfully remarketed. In the event that shares within this mode are unable to be successfully remarketed and are purchased
by the liquidity provider, the dividend rate will be the maximum rate which is designed to escalate according to a specified schedule
in order to enhance the remarketing agent’s ability to successfully remarket the shares. Each Fund is required to redeem any shares
that are still owned by a liquidity provider after six months of continuous, unsuccessful remarketing. The Fund will pay a liquidity and remarketing fee on the aggregate
principal amount of all MFP shares while within VRDM. Payments made by the Fund to the liquidity provider and remarketing agent are recognized
as “Liquidity fees” and “Remarketing fees”, respectively, on the Statement of Operations. For financial reporting purposes, the liquidation preference of
MFP Shares is recorded as a liability and is recognized as a component of “MuniFund Preferred (“MFP”) Shares, net of
deferred offering costs” on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Dividends on the MFP shares are treated as interest payments
for financial reporting purposes. Unpaid dividends on MFP shares are recognized as a component of “Interest payable” on the
Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Dividends accrued on MFP Shares are recognized as a component of “Interest expense and amortization
of offering costs” on the Statement of Operations. Subject to certain conditions, MFP Shares may be redeemed, in whole
or in part, at any time at the option of the Fund. The Fund may also be required to redeem certain MFP shares if the Fund fails to maintain
certain asset coverage requirements and such failures are not cured by the applicable cure date. The redemption price per share in all
circumstances is equal to the liquidation preference per share plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends. Costs incurred in connection with the Funds’ offering of MFP
Shares were recorded as deferred charges and are amortized over the life of the shares. These offering costs are recognized as a component
of “MuniFund Preferred (“MFP”) Shares, net of deferred offering costs” on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities
and “Interest expense and amortization of offering costs” on the Statement of Operations. 197 Table of Contents Notes to Financial Statements (continued) As of the end of the reporting period, NVG, NZF and NMCO had $404,033,874,
$640,046,873 and $448,908,240 of MFP Shares at liquidation preference, net of deferred offering costs, respectively. Further details of
each Fund’s MFP Shares outstanding as of the end of the reporting period, were as follows: Mode Shares Liquidation Term Termination Fund Series Outstanding Preference Redemption Date Mode Date NVG A 2,054 $205,400,000 January 3, 2028 VRM January 3, 2028* B 200,000 $200,000,000 March 1, 2029 VRRM N/A NZF A 1,500 $150,000,000 May 1, 2047 VRM May 4, 2022 B 1,550 $155,000,000 February 3, 2048 VRM February 3, 2048* C 3,360 $336,000,000 June 1, 2048 VRM June 21, 2023 NMCO A 1,000 $100,000,000 October 1, 2031 VRDM N/A B 2,250 $225,000,000 October 1, 2031 VRM December 28, 2022 C 1,250 $125,000,000 October 1, 2031 VRM February 16, 2022 * Subject to earlier termination by either the Fund or the holder. The average liquidation preference of MFP Shares outstanding and
annualized dividend rate for the Funds during the current fiscal period were as follows: NVG NZF NMCO Average liquidation preference of MFP Shares outstanding $405,400,000 $641,000,000 $450,000,000 Annualized dividend rate 0.65% 1.12% 1.00% Variable Rate Demand Preferred Shares The following Funds have issued and have outstanding Variable Rate
Demand Preferred (“VRDP”) Shares, with a $100,000 liquidation preference per share. VRDP Shares are issued via private placement
and are not publicly available. As of the end of the reporting period, NVG and NZF had $1,408,222,865
and $722,756,919 of VRDP Shares at liquidation preference, net of deferred offering costs, respectively. Further details of the Funds’
VRDP Shares outstanding as of the end of the reporting period, were as follows: Shares Remarketing Liquidation Fund Series Outstanding Fees* Preference Maturity NVG 1 1,790 0.10% $179,000,000 December 1, 2043 2 3,854 0.10 $385,400,000 December 1, 2040 4 1,800 0.10 $180,000,000 June 1, 2046 5 3,405 0.10 $340,500,000 December 1, 2040 6 3,267 0.10 $326,700,000 December 1, 2040 NZF 1 2,688 N/A $268,800,000 March 1, 2040 2 2,622 N/A $262,200,000 March 1, 2040 3 1,960 0.05 $196,000,000 June 1, 2040 * Remarketing fees
as a percentage of aggregate principal amount of all VRDP Shares outstanding of each series. N/A Not applicable. Series
is considered to be Special Rate VRDP and therefore does not pay a remarketing fee. VRDP Shares include a liquidity feature that allows VRDP shareholders
to have their shares purchased by a liquidity provider with whom each Fund has contracted in the event that the VRDP Shares are not able
to be successfully remarketed. Each Fund is required to redeem any VRDP Shares that are still owned by the liquidity provider after six
months of continuous, unsuccessful remarketing. Each Fund pays an annual remarketing fee on the aggregate principal amount of all VRDP
Shares outstanding. Each Fund’s VRDP Shares have successfully remarketed since issuance. NZF’s Series 1 and Series 2 VRDP Shares are considered to
be Special Rate VRDP, which are sold to institutional investors. The special rate period will expire on March 1, 2040 for the Fund’s
Series 1 and 2 VRDP Shares, but is subject to earlier termination by either the Fund or the holder. During the special rate period, the
VRDP Shares will not be remarketed by a remarketing agent, be subject to optional or mandatory tender events, or be supported by a liquidity
provider and are not subject to remarketing fees or liquidity fees. During the special rate period, VRDP dividends will be set monthly
as a floating rate based on the predetermined formula. Following the initial special rate period, Special Rate Period VRDP Shares may
transition to traditional VRDP Shares with dividends set at weekly remarketings, and be supported by designated liquidity provider, or
the Board may approve a subsequent special rate period. 198 Table of Contents Dividends on the VRDP Shares (which are treated as interest payments
for financial reporting purposes) are set at a rate established by a remarketing agent; therefore, the market value of the VRDP Shares
is expected to approximate its liquidation preference. In the event that VRDP Shares are unable to be successfully remarketed, the dividend
rate will be the maximum rate which is designed to escalate according to a specified schedule in order to enhance the remarketing agent’s
ability to successfully remarket the VRDP Shares. Subject to certain conditions, VRDP Shares may be redeemed, in whole
or in part, at any time at the option of each Fund. Each Fund may also redeem certain of the VRDP Shares if the Fund fails to maintain
certain asset coverage requirements and such failures are not cured by the applicable cure date. The redemption price per share is equal
to the sum of the liquidation preference per share plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends. The average liquidation preference of VRDP Shares outstanding and
annualized dividend rate for each Fund during the current fiscal period were as follows: NVG NZF Average liquidation preference of VRDP Shares outstanding $1,411,600,000 $727,000,000 Annualized dividend rate 0.11% 0.78% For financial reporting purposes, the liquidation preference of
VRDP Shares is a liability and is recognized as a component of “Variable Rate Demand Preferred (“VRDP”) Shares, net
of deferred offering costs” on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Unpaid dividends on VRDP Shares are recognized as a component
of “Interest payable” on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities, when applicable. Dividends accrued on VRDP Shares are recognized
as a component of “Interest expense and amortization of offering costs” on the Statement of Operations. Costs incurred by
the Funds in connection with their offerings of VRDP Shares were recorded as a deferred charge, which are amortized over the life of the
shares and are recognized as a component of “Variable Rate Demand Preferred (“VRDP”) Shares, net of deferred offering
costs” on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities and “Interest expense and amortization of offerings costs” on the
Statement of Operations. In addition to interest expense, each Fund also pays a per annum liquidity fee to the liquidity provider, as
well as a remarketing fee, which are recognized as “Liquidity fees” and “Remarketing fees,” respectively, on the
Statement of Operations. Preferred Share Transactions Transactions in preferred shares for the Funds during the Funds’
current and prior fiscal period, where applicable, are noted in the following tables. Transactions in AMTP Shares for the Funds, where applicable, were as follows: Year Ended October 31, 2021 NMZ Series Shares Amount AMTP Shares issued 2031 1,700 $170,000,000 Year Ended October 31, 2020 NVG Series Shares Amount AMTP Shares issued in connection with the reorganization 2028 1,120 $112,000,000 Transactions in MFP Shares for the Funds, where applicable, were as follows: Year Ended October 31, 2020 NMCO Series Shares Amount MFP Shares issued A 1,000 $100,000,000 B 2,250 225,000,000 C 1,250 125,000,000 Total 4,500 $450,000,000 6. Income Tax Information Each Fund is a separate taxpayer for federal income tax purposes.
Each Fund intends to distribute substantially all of its net investment income and net capital gains to shareholders and to otherwise
comply with the requirements of Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code applicable to regulated investment companies. Therefore, no
federal income tax provision is required. Furthermore, each Fund intends to satisfy conditions that will enable interest from municipal
securities, which is exempt from regular federal income tax, to retain such tax-exempt status when distributed to shareholders of the
Funds. Net realized capital gains and ordinary income distributions paid by the Funds are subject to federal taxation. For all open tax years and all major taxing jurisdictions, management
of the Funds has concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements.
Open tax years are those that are open for examination by taxing authorities (i.e., generally the last four tax year ends and the interim
tax period since then). Furthermore, management of the Funds is also not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible
that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next twelve months. 199 Table of Contents Notes to Financial Statements (continued) The following information is presented on an income tax basis. Differences
between amounts for financial statement and federal income tax purposes are primarily due to timing differences in recognizing taxable
market discount, timing differences in recognizing certain gains and losses on investment transactions and the treatment of investments
in inverse floating rate securities reflected as financing transactions, if any. To the extent that differences arise that are permanent
in nature, such amounts are reclassified within the capital accounts as detailed below. Temporary differences do not require reclassification.
Temporary and permanent differences do not impact the NAVs of the Funds. The table below presents the cost and unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
of each Fund’s investment portfolio, as determined on a federal income tax basis, as of October 31, 2021. For purposes of this disclosure, derivative tax cost is generally
the sum of any upfront fees or premiums exchanged and any amounts unrealized for income statement reporting but realized in income and/or
capital gains for tax reporting. If a particular derivative category does not disclose any tax unrealized appreciation or depreciation,
the change in value of those derivatives have generally been fully realized for tax purposes. NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Tax cost of investments $4,963,643,516 $3,263,621,289 $1,530,433,766 $1,165,866,528 $1,111,441,016 Gross unrealized: Appreciation 620,857,342 461,234,246 169,881,965 115,768,154 52,580,858 Depreciation (26,651,002) (26,438,035) (43,043,752) (29,752,154) (8,375,598) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments $ 594,206,340 $ 434,796,211 $ 126,838,213 $ 86,016,000 $ 44,205,260 Permanent differences, primarily due to federal taxes paid, nondeductible
offering costs, taxable market discount, paydowns, nondeductible reorganization expenses, net operating losses, investments in partnerships
and distribution reallocations resulted in reclassifications among the Funds’ components of common share net assets as of October
31, 2021, the Funds’ tax year end. The tax components of undistributed net tax-exempt income, net ordinary
income and net long-term capital gains as of October 31, 2021, the Funds’ tax year end, were as follows: NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Undistributed net tax-exempt income 1 $12,642,655 $5,459,984 $9,286,944 $5,639,831 $ — Undistributed net ordinary income 2 544,227 — 1,431,130 821,611 — Undistributed net long-term capital gains 6,721,939 — — — — 1 Undistributed net tax-exempt income (on a tax basis) has not been reduced for the dividend
declared on October 1, 2021 and paid on November 1, 2021. 2 Net ordinary income consists of taxable market discount income and net short-term capital
gains, if any. The tax character of distributions paid during the Funds’
tax years ended October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020 was designated for purposes of the dividends paid deduction as follows: 2021 NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Distributions from net tax-exempt income 3 $170,492,494 $111,824,028 $65,326,962 $38,177,868 $27,169,424 Distributions from net ordinary income 2 2,348,734 746,386 2,306,702 1,460,462 18,887,977 Distributions from net long-term capital gains 5 18,648,586 — — — — Return of Capital — — — — 6,322,022 2020 NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO 4 Distributions from net tax-exempt income $188,593,024 $128,462,681 $57,189,031 $44,454,196 $4,341,885 Distributions from net ordinary income 2 578,198 52,126 1,828,548 104,004 — Distributions from net long-term capital gains 6,121,637 — — — — 2 Net ordinary income consists of taxable market discount income and net short-term capital
gains, if any 3 The Funds hereby designate these amounts paid during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021,
as Exempt Interest Dividends. 4 For the period August 26, 2020 (commencement of operations) through October 31, 2020. 5 The Funds hereby designate as long-term capital gain dividends, pursuant to the Internal
Revenue Code Section 852(b)(3), the amount necessary to reduce earnings and profits of the Funds related to net capital gain to zero
for the tax year ended October 31, 2021. 200 Table of Contents As of October 31, 2021, the Funds’ tax year end, the following
Funds had unused capital losses carrying forward available for federal income tax purposes to be applied against future capital gains,
if any. The capital losses are not subject to expiration. NVG 6 NZF NMZ NMCO Not subject to expiration: Short-term $ — $25,114,491 $1,698,402 $64,005,962 Long-term 370,769 — 5,835,179 — Total $370,769 $25,114,491 $7,533,581 $64,005,962 6 A portion of NVG’s capital loss carryforward is subject to an annual limitation under
the Internal Revenue Code and related regulations. During the Funds’ tax year ended October 31, 2021, the following
Funds utilized capital loss carryforwards as follows: NVG NZF NMCO NDMO Utilized capital loss carryforwards $3,104,761 $5,054,744 $4,029,456 $449,926 7. Management Fees and Other Transactions with Affiliates Management Fees Each Fund’s management fee compensates the Adviser for overall
investment advisory and administrative services and general office facilities. The Sub-Adviser is compensated for its services to the
Funds from the management fees paid to the Adviser. Each Fund’s management fee consists of two components –
a fund-level fee, based only on the amount of assets within each individual Fund, and a complex-level fee, based on the aggregate amount
of all eligible fund assets managed by the Adviser. This pricing structure enables Fund shareholders to benefit from growth in the assets
within their respective Fund as well as from growth in the amount of complex-wide assets managed by the Adviser. The annual fund-level fee, payable monthly, for each Fund is calculated
according to the following schedules: NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Average Daily Managed Assets* Fund-Level Fee Rate Fund-Level Fee Rate Fund-Level Fee Rate Fund-Level Fee Rate For the first $125 million 0.5000% 0.5500% 0.7500% 0.7000% For the next $125 million 0.4875 0.5375 0.7375 0.6875 For the next $250 million 0.4750 0.5250 0.7250 0.6750 For the next $500 million 0.4625 0.5125 0.7125 0.6625 For the next $1 billion 0.4500 0.5000 0.7000 0.6500 For the next $3 billion 0.4250 0.4750 0.6750 0.6250 For managed assets over $5 billion 0.4125 0.4625 0.6625 0.6125 The annual complex-level fee, payable monthly, for each Fund is
calculated by multiplying the current complex-wide fee rate, determined according to the following schedule by the Funds’ daily
managed assets: Complex-Level Eligible Asset Breakpoint Level* Effective Complex-Level Fee Rate at Breakpoint Level $55 billion 0.2000% $56 billion 0.1996 $57 billion 0.1989 $60 billion 0.1961 $63 billion 0.1931 $66 billion 0.1900 $71 billion 0.1851 $76 billion 0.1806 $80 billion 0.1773 $91 billion 0.1691 $125 billion 0.1599 $200 billion 0.1505 $250 billion 0.1469 $300 billion 0.1445 * For the complex-level fees, managed assets include closed-end fund assets managed by the
Adviser that are attributable to certain types of leverage. For these purposes, leverage includes the funds’ use of preferred stock
and borrowings and certain investments in the residual interest certificates (also called inverse floating rate securities) in tender
option bond (TOB) trusts, including the portion of assets held by a TOB trust that has been effectively financed by the trust’s
issuance of floating rate securities, subject to an agreement by the Adviser as to certain funds to limit the amount of such assets for
determining managed assets in certain circumstances. The complex-level fee is calculated based upon the aggregate daily managed assets
of all Nuveen open-end and closed-end funds that constitute “eligible assets.” Eligible assets do not include assets attributable
to investments in other Nuveen funds or assets in excess of a determined amount (originally $2 billion) added to the Nuveen fund
complex in connection with the Adviser’s assumption of the management of the former First American Funds effective January 1, 2011,
but do not include certain Nuveen funds that were reorganized into funds advised by an affiliate of the Adviser during the 2019 calendar
year. As of October 31, 2021, the complex-level fee for each Fund was 0.1534%. 201 Table of Contents Notes to Financial Statements (continued) Other Transactions with Affiliates Each Fund is permitted to purchase or sell securities from or to
certain other funds or accounts managed by the Sub-Adviser (“Affiliated Entity”) under specified conditions outlined in procedures
adopted by the Board (“cross-trade”). These procedures have been designed to ensure that any cross-trade of securities by
the Fund from or to an Affiliated Entity by virtue of having a common investment adviser (or affiliated investment adviser), common officer
and/or common trustee complies with Rule 17a-7 under the 1940 Act. These transactions are effected at the current market price (as provided
by an independent pricing service) without incurring broker commissions. During the current fiscal period, the following Funds engaged in
inter-fund trades pursuant to these procedures as follows: Cross-Trades NZF NMCO Purchases $11,661,625 $50,386 Sales 17,258,560 — Realized gain/loss (344,494) — 8. Commitments and Contingencies In the normal course of business, each Fund enters into a variety
of agreements that may expose the Fund to some risk of loss. These could include recourse arrangements for certain TOB Trusts and certain
agreements related to preferred shares, which are each described elsewhere in these Notes to Financial Statements. The risk of future
loss arising from such agreements, while not quantifiable, is expected to be remote. As of the end of the reporting period, the Funds
did not have any unfunded commitments. From time to time, the Funds may be a party to certain legal proceedings
in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of the Funds’ rights under contracts. As of
the end of the reporting period, the Funds are not subject to any material legal proceedings. 9. Borrowing Arrangements Committed Line of Credit The Funds, along with certain other funds managed by the Adviser
(“Participating Funds”), have established a 364-day, $2.635 billion standby credit facility with a group of lenders, under
which the Participating Funds may borrow for temporary purposes (other than on-going leveraging for investment purposes). Each Participating
Fund is allocated a designated proportion of the facility’s capacity (and its associated costs, as described below) based upon a
multi-factor assessment of the likelihood and frequency of its need to draw on the facility, the size of the Fund and its anticipated
draws, and the potential importance of such draws to the operations and well-being of the Fund, relative to those of the other Funds.
A Fund may effect draws on the facility in excess of its designated capacity if and to the extent that other Participating Funds have
undrawn capacity. The credit facility expires in June 2022 unless extended or renewed. The credit facility has the following terms: 0.15% per annum on
unused commitment amounts and a drawn interest rate equal to the higher of (a) OBFR (Overnight Bank Funding Rate) plus 1.20% per annum
or (b) the Fed Funds Effective Rate plus 1.20% per annum on amounts borrowed. Prior to June 23, 2021, the drawn interest rate was equal
to the higher of (a) one-month LIBOR (London Inter-Bank Offered Rate) plus 1.25% per annum or (b) the Fed Funds rate plus 1.25% per annum
on amounts borrowed. The Participating Funds also incurred a 0.05% upfront fee on the increase of the $230 million commitment amount during
the reporting period. Interest expense incurred by the Participating Funds, when applicable, is recognized as a component of “Interest
expense and amortization of offering costs” on the Statement of Operations. Participating Funds paid administration, legal and arrangement
fees, which are recognized as a component of “Interest expense and amortization of offering costs” on the Statement of Operations,
and along with commitment fees, have been allocated among such Participating Funds based upon the relative proportions of the facility’s
aggregate capacity reserved for them and other factors deemed relevant by the Adviser and the Board of each Participating Fund. During the current fiscal period, the following Funds utilized this
facility. Each Fund’s maximum outstanding balance during the utilization period was as follows: NVG NZF Maximum outstanding balance $32,950,827 $8,200,000 During each Fund’s utilization period(s) during the current
fiscal period, the average daily balance outstanding and average annual interest rate on the Borrowings were as follows: NVG NZF Utilization period (days outstanding) 14 9 Average daily balance outstanding $15,078,808 $6,644,444 Average annual interest rate 1.33% 1.30% Borrowings outstanding as of the end of the reporting period, if
any, are recognized as “Borrowings” on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities, where applicable. 202 Table of Contents Borrowing Information for NDMO On November 3, 2020, NDMO entered into a $215 million committed
line of credit (“Borrowings”) agreement with its custodian bank, as a means of leverage. The credit agreement expires on November
2, 2021 unless extended or renewed. Interest is charged on the Borrowings drawn amount for a Base Rate
Loan at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) one-month LIBOR plus 0.75% or (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.85% or for a LIBOR
Loan at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Offered Rate plus 0.75%. NDMO also accrues a 0.15% per annum commitment fee on the undrawn
balance based on the maximum commitment amount of the Borrowings to the extent the unused portion of the Borrowings is less than 25% of
the maximum commitment amount, otherwise the per annum commitment fee is 0.25%. NDMO also incurred a 0.05% upfront fee. During the current fiscal period, the average daily balance outstanding
(which was for the period December 15, 2020 through October 31, 2021) and average annual interest rate on these LIBOR Loans were $168,246,417
and 0.93%, respectively. In order to maintain these Borrowings, the Fund must meet certain
collateral, asset coverage and other requirements. Borrowings outstanding are fully secured by securities in the Fund’s portfolio
of investments. Borrowings outstanding are recognized as “Borrowings”
on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Interest expense incurred on the drawn amount and undrawn balance are recognized as a component
of “Interest expense and amortization of offering costs” on the Statement of Operations. Reverse Repurchase Agreements During the current fiscal period NVG and NZF utilized reverse repurchase
agreements for temporary purposes. During the current fiscal period NDMO utilized reverse repurchase agreements as a means of on-going
investment leverage. A Fund may enter into a reverse repurchase agreement with brokers,
dealers, banks or other financial institutions that have been determined by the Adviser to be creditworthy and permissible with its investment
policy. In a reverse repurchase agreement, a Fund sells to the counterparty a security that it holds with a contemporaneous agreement
to repurchase the same security at an agreed-upon price and date, reflecting the interest rate effective for the term of the agreement.
It may also be viewed as the borrowing of money by the Fund. Cash received in exchange for securities delivered, plus accrued interest
payments to be made by the Fund to a counterparty, are reflected as a liability on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Interest payments
made by the Fund to counterparties are recognized as a component of “Interest expense and amortization of offering costs”
on the Statement of Operations. In a reverse repurchase agreement, the Fund retains the risk of
loss associated with the sold security. In order to minimize risk, the Fund pledges and/or segregates securities and cash as collateral
with a fair value at least equal to its purchase obligations under these agreements (including accrued interest). Reverse repurchase agreements
also involve the risk that the purchaser fails to return the securities as agreed upon, files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent. Upon
a bankruptcy or insolvency of a counterparty, the Fund is considered to be an unsecured creditor with respect to excess collateral and
as such the return of excess collateral may be delayed. A Fund will pledge assets determined to be liquid by the Adviser to cover its
obligations under reverse repurchase agreements. As of the end of the reporting period, the Fund’s outstanding
balances on its reverse repurchase agreements were as follows: Interest Principal Value and Fund Counterparty Rate Amount Maturity Value Accrued Interest NDMO RBC Capital Markets, LLC 0.64% ($44,800,000) 12/22/22 ($44,800,000) ($44,809,557) During the current fiscal period, the average daily balance outstanding
and average interest rate on the reverse repurchase agreements were as follows: NVG NZF NDMO Utilization period (days outstanding) 61 31 208 Average daily balance outstanding $(13,480,328) $(18,625,806) $(41,797,596) Average interest rate 0.76% 0.74% 0.66% The following table presents the reverse repurchase agreements subject
to netting agreements and the collateral delivered related to those reverse repurchase agreements. Collateral Reverse Repurchase Pledged to Fund Counterparty Agreements* Counterparty NDMO RBC Capital Markets, LLC $(44,809,557) $51,502,598 * Represents gross value and accrued interest for the counterparty
as reported in the preceding table. 203 Table of Contents Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 10.
Inter-Fund Borrowing and Lending Inter-Fund Borrowing and Lending The SEC has granted an exemptive order permitting registered open-end
and closed-end Nuveen funds to participate in an inter-fund lending facility whereby the Nuveen funds may directly lend to and borrow
money from each other for temporary purposes (e.g., to satisfy redemption requests or when a sale of securities “fails,” resulting
in an unanticipated cash shortfall) (the “Inter-Fund Program”). The closed-end Nuveen funds, including the Funds covered by
this shareholder report, will participate only as lenders, and not as borrowers, in the Inter-Fund Program because such closed-end funds
rarely, if ever, need to borrow cash to meet redemptions. The Inter-Fund Program is subject to a number of conditions, including, among
other things, the requirements that (1) no fund may borrow or lend money through the Inter-Fund Program unless it receives a more favorable
interest rate than is typically available from a bank or other financial institution for a comparable transaction; (2) no fund may borrow
on an unsecured basis through the Inter-Fund Program unless the fund’s outstanding borrowings from all sources immediately after
the inter-fund borrowing total 10% or less of its total assets; provided that if the borrowing fund has a secured borrowing outstanding
from any other lender, including but not limited to another fund, the inter-fund loan must be secured on at least an equal priority basis
with at least an equivalent percentage of collateral to loan value; (3) if a fund’s total outstanding borrowings immediately after
an inter-fund borrowing would be greater than 10% of its total assets, the fund may borrow through the inter-fund loan on a secured basis
only; (4) no fund may lend money if the loan would cause its aggregate outstanding loans through the Inter-Fund Program to exceed 15%
of its net assets at the time of the loan; (5) a fund’s inter-fund loans to any one fund shall not exceed 5% of the lending fund’s
net assets; (6) the duration of inter-fund loans will be limited to the time required to receive payment for securities sold, but in no
event more than seven days; and (7) each inter-fund loan may be called on one business day’s notice by a lending fund and may be
repaid on any day by a borrowing fund. In addition, a Nuveen fund may participate in the Inter-Fund Program only if and to the extent
that such participation is consistent with the fund’s investment objective and investment policies. The Board is responsible for
overseeing the Inter-Fund Program. The limitations detailed above and the other conditions of the SEC
exemptive order permitting the Inter-Fund Program are designed to minimize the risks associated with Inter-Fund Program for both the lending
fund and the borrowing fund. However, no borrowing or lending activity is without risk. When a fund borrows money from another fund, there
is a risk that the loan could be called on one day’s notice or not renewed, in which case the fund may have to borrow from a bank
at a higher rate or take other actions to payoff such loan if an inter-fund loan is not available from another fund. Any delay in repayment
to a lending fund could result in a lost investment opportunity or additional borrowing costs. During the current reporting period, none of the Funds covered by
this shareholder report have entered into any inter-fund loan activity. 11. Subsequent Events Borrowing Information for NDMO On November 2, 2021, NDMO renewed its Borrowings through November
1, 2022. All other terms remained unchanged. Update to the Shelf Program for NDMO. On December 17, 2021, NDMO filed supplements to its registration
statement to issue additional common shares under its existing Shelf Program. Update to the Shelf Program for NVG During November 2021, NVG filed a registration statement with the
SEC to issue additional common and preferred shares through a Shelf Offering. Update to Preferred Shares for NVG During November 2021, NVG announced that it filed notice with the
SEC of its intent to redeem a portion of its outstanding VRDP Shares. During December 2021, NVG completed an offering of 250,000 Series
C VRRM-MFP Shares ($250,000,000 liquidation preference) under its Shelf Program. The Fund used the net proceeds from the sale of the MFP
Shares to redeem 900 Series 2 ($90,000,000 liquidation preference), 450 Series 5 ($45,000,000 liquidation preference) and 400 Series 6
($40,000,000 liquidation preference) of its outstanding VRDP Shares and to increase its leverage. Update to the Shelf Program for NMZ. On December 17, 2021, NMZ filed supplements to its registration
statement to issue additional common shares under its existing Shelf Program. Proposed Reorganization into NZF During December 2021, the Board approved a proposal that, if approved
by Shareholders, would result in the reorganization of Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Value Fund (NEV) into NZF. Reverse Repurchase Agreements for NMZ During November 2021, NMZ entered into a reverse repurchase agreement
as a means of leverage. 204 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) CURRENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, INVESTMENT POLICIES AND PRINCIPAL
RISKS OF THE FUNDS NUVEEN AMT-FREE MUNICIPAL CREDIT INCOME FUND
(NVG) Investment Objectives The Fund’s investment objectives are to provide current income
exempt from regular federal income tax and federal alternative minimum tax applicable to individuals, and to enhance portfolio value relative
to the municipal bond market by investing in tax-exempt municipal bonds that the Fund’s investment adviser believes are underrated
or undervalued or that represent municipal market sectors that are undervalued. Investment Policies As a fundamental investment policy, under normal circumstances,
the Fund will invest at least 80% of its Assets (as defined below) in municipal securities and other related investments, the income from
which is exempt from regular federal income taxes. As a non-fundamental investment policy, under normal circumstances,
the Fund will invest 100% of its Managed Assets (as defined below) and at least 80% of its Assets in municipal securities and other related
investments, the income from which is also exempt from the federal alternative minimum tax applicable to individuals at the time of purchase. The Fund generally invests in municipal securities with long-term
maturities in order to maintain an average effective maturity of 15 to 30 years, including the effects of leverage, but the average effective
maturity of obligations held by the Fund may be lengthened or shortened as a result of portfolio transactions effected by the Fund’s
investment adviser and/or the Fund’s sub-adviser, depending on market conditions and on an assessment by the portfolio manager of
which segments of the municipal securities markets offer the most favorable relative investment values and opportunities for tax-exempt
income and total return. “Assets” mean the net assets of the Fund plus the amount
of any borrowings for investment purposes. “Managed Assets” mean the total assets of the Fund, minus the sum of its accrued
liabilities (other than Fund liabilities incurred for the express purpose of creating leverage). Total assets for this purpose shall include
assets attributable to the Fund’s use of leverage (whether or not those assets are reflected in the Fund’s financial statements
for purposes of generally accepted accounting principles), and derivatives will be valued at their market value. Under normal circumstances: • The Fund may invest up to 55% of its Managed Assets in securities that, at the time of investment,
are rated below the three highest grades (Baa or BBB or lower) by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization
(“NRSRO”) or are unrated but judged to be of comparable quality by the Fund’s sub-adviser. • The Fund may invest up to 15% of its Managed Assets in inverse floating rate securities. • The Fund may not enter into a futures contract or related options or forward contracts if
more than 30% of the Fund’s Managed Assets would be represented by futures contracts or more than 5% of the Fund’s Managed
Assets would be committed to initial margin deposits and premiums on futures contracts or related options. The
foregoing policies apply only at the time of any new investment. Approving Changes in Investment Policies The Board of Trustees of the Fund may change the policies described
above without a shareholder vote. However, with respect to the Fund’s policy of investing at least 80% of its Assets in municipal
securities and other related investments that pay interest exempt from both regular federal income tax and the federal alternative minimum
tax applicable to individuals at the time of purchase, such policy may not be changed without 60 days’ prior written notice and
the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares and preferred shares voting together as a single class, and
the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding preferred shares, voting separately as a single class. A “majority
of the outstanding” shares means (i) 67% or more of the shares present at a meeting, if the holders of more than 50% of the shares
are present or represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50% of the shares, whichever is less. Portfolio Contents The Fund generally invests in municipal securities. Municipal securities
include municipal bonds, notes, securities issued to finance and refinance public projects, certificates of participation, variable rate
demand obligations, lease obligations, municipal notes, pre-refunded municipal bonds, private activity bonds, securities issued by tender
option bond trusts (“TOB Trusts”), including inverse floating rate securities, and other forms of municipal bonds and securities,
and other related instruments that create exposure to municipal bonds, notes and securities that provide for the payment of interest income
that is exempt from regular U.S. federal income tax. Municipal securities are debt obligations generally issued by states,
cities and local authorities and certain possessions and territories of the United States (such as Puerto Rico and Guam) to finance or
refinance public purpose projects such as roads, schools, and water supply systems. 205 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) The Fund may invest in municipal securities that represent lease
obligations and certificates of participation in such leases. A municipal lease is an obligation in the form of a lease or installment
purchase that is issued by a state or local government to acquire equipment and facilities. Income from such obligations generally is
exempt from state and local taxes in the state of issuance. A certificate of participation represents an undivided interest in an unmanaged
pool of municipal leases, an installment purchase agreement or other instruments. The certificates typically are issued by a municipal
agency, a trust or other entity that has received an assignment of the payments to be made by the state or political subdivision under
such leases or installment purchase agreements. Such certificates provide the Fund with the right to a pro rata undivided
interest in the underlying municipal securities. In addition, such participations generally provide the Fund with the right to demand
payment, on not more than seven days’ notice, of all or any part of the Fund’s participation interest in the underlying municipal
securities, plus accrued interest. The Fund may invest in municipal notes. Municipal securities in
the form of notes generally are used to provide for short-term capital needs, in anticipation of an issuer’s receipt of other revenues
or financing, and typically have maturities of up to three years. Such instruments may include tax anticipation notes, revenue anticipation
notes, bond anticipation notes, tax and revenue anticipation notes and construction loan notes. Tax anticipation notes are issued to finance
the working capital needs of governments. Generally, they are issued in anticipation of various tax revenues, such as income, sales, property,
use and business taxes, and are payable from these specific future taxes. Revenue anticipation notes are issued in expectation of receipt
of other kinds of revenue, such as federal revenues available under federal revenue sharing programs. Bond anticipation notes are issued
to provide interim financing until long-term bond financing can be arranged. In most cases, the long-term bonds then provide the funds
needed for repayment of the bond anticipation notes. Tax and revenue anticipation notes combine the funding sources of both tax anticipation
notes and revenue anticipation notes. Construction loan notes are sold to provide construction financing. Mortgage notes insured by the
Federal Housing Authority secure these notes; however, the proceeds from the insurance may be less than the economic equivalent of the
payment of principal and interest on the mortgage note if there has been a default. The anticipated revenues from taxes, grants or bond
financing generally secure the obligations of an issuer of municipal notes. The Fund may invest in “tobacco settlement bonds.” Tobacco
settlement bonds are municipal securities that are secured or payable solely from the collateralization of the proceeds from class action
or other litigation against the tobacco industry. The Fund may invest in pre-refunded municipal securities. The principal
of and interest on pre-refunded municipal securities are no longer paid from the original revenue source for the securities. Instead,
the source of such payments is typically an escrow fund consisting of U.S. government securities. The assets in the escrow fund are derived
from the proceeds of refunding bonds issued by the same issuer as the pre-refunded municipal securities. Issuers of municipal securities
use this advance refunding technique to obtain more favorable terms with respect to securities that are not yet subject to call or redemption
by the issuer. For example, advance refunding enables an issuer to refinance debt at lower market interest rates, restructure debt to
improve cash flow or eliminate restrictive covenants in the indenture or other governing instrument for the pre-refunded municipal securities.
However, except for a change in the revenue source from which principal and interest payments are made, the pre-refunded municipal securities
remain outstanding on their original terms until they mature or are redeemed by the issuer. The Fund may invest in private activity bonds. Private activity
bonds are issued by or on behalf of public authorities to obtain funds to provide privately operated housing facilities, airport, mass
transit or port facilities, sewage disposal, solid waste disposal or hazardous waste treatment or disposal facilities and certain local
facilities for water supply, gas or electricity. Other types of private activity bonds, the proceeds of which are used for the construction,
equipment, repair or improvement of privately operated industrial or commercial facilities, may constitute municipal securities, although
the current federal tax laws place substantial limitations on the size of such issues. The Fund may invest in municipal securities issued by special taxing
districts. Special taxing districts are organized to plan and finance infrastructure developments to induce residential, commercial and
industrial growth and redevelopment. The bond financing methods such as tax increment finance, tax assessment, special services district
and Mello-Roos bonds, are generally payable solely from taxes or other revenues attributable to the specific projects financed by the
bonds without recourse to the credit or taxing power of related or overlapping municipalities. The Fund may invest in inverse floating rate securities issued by
a TOB trust, the interest rate on which varies inversely with the Securities Industry Financial Markets Association short-term rate, which
resets weekly, or a similar short-term rate, and is reduced by the expenses related to the TOB trust. Typically, inverse floating rate
securities represent beneficial interests in a special purpose trust (sometimes called a TOB trust) formed by a third party sponsor for
the purpose of holding municipal bonds. Inverse floating rate securities may increase or decrease in value at a greater rate than the
underlying interest rate on the municipal bond held by the TOB trust, which effectively leverages the Fund’s investment. The Fund may invest in floating rate securities issued by special
purpose trusts. Floating rate securities may take the form of short-term floating rate securities or the option period may be substantially
longer. Generally, the interest rate earned will be based upon the market rates for municipal securities with maturities or remarketing
provisions that are comparable in duration to the periodic interval of the tender option, which may vary from weekly, to monthly, to extended
periods of one year or multiple years. Since the option feature has a shorter term than the final maturity or first call date of the underlying
bond deposited in the trust, the Fund as the holder of the floating rate security relies upon the terms of the agreement with the financial
institution furnishing the option as well as the credit strength of that institution. As further assurance of liquidity, the terms of
the trust provide for a liquidation of the municipal security deposited in the trust and the application of the proceeds to pay off the
floating rate security. The trusts that 206 Table of Contents are organized to issue both short-term floating rate securities
and inverse floaters generally include liquidation triggers to protect the investor in the floating rate security. The Fund may invest in zero coupon bonds. A zero coupon bond is
a bond that typically does not pay interest for the entire life of the obligation or for an initial period after the issuance of the obligation. The Fund may buy and sell securities on a when-issued or delayed
delivery basis, making payment or taking delivery at a later date, normally within 15 to 45 days of the trade date. The Fund may invest in illiquid securities (i.e., securities that
are not readily marketable), including, but not limited to, restricted securities (securities the disposition of which is restricted under
the federal securities laws), securities that may be resold only pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“1933 Act”), and repurchase agreements with maturities in excess of seven days. The Fund may enter into certain derivative instruments in pursuit
of its investment objectives, including to seek to enhance return, to hedge certain risks of its investments in municipal securities or
as a substitute for a position in the underlying asset. Such instruments include financial futures contracts, swap contracts (including
interest rate swaps, credit default swaps and municipal market data rate locks (“MMD Rate Locks”)), options on financial futures,
options on swap contracts or other derivative instruments. The Fund may purchase and sell MMD Rate Locks. An MMD Rate Lock
permits the Fund to lock in a specified municipal interest rate for a portion of its portfolio to preserve a return on a particular investment
or a portion of its portfolio as a duration management technique or to protect against any increase in the price of securities to be purchased
at a later date. By using an MMD Rate Lock, the Fund can create a synthetic long or short position, allowing the Fund to select what the
manager believes is an attractive part of the yield curve. The Fund will ordinarily use these transactions as a hedge or for duration
or risk management although it is permitted to enter into them to enhance income or gain or to increase the Fund’s yield, for example,
during periods of steep interest rate yield curves (i.e., wide differences between short term and long term interest rates). The Fund may also invest in securities of other open- or closed-end
investment companies (including exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”)) that invest primarily in municipal securities of the types
in which the Fund may invest directly, to the extent permitted by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”),
the rules and regulations issued thereunder and applicable exemptive orders issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Use of Leverage The Fund uses leverage to pursue its investment objectives. The
Fund may use leverage to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. The Fund may source leverage through a number of methods including the
issuance of preferred shares of beneficial interest (“Preferred Shares”), entering into reverse repurchase agreements (effectively
a secured borrowing) and borrowings (for defensive purposes only). In addition, the Fund may also use certain derivatives that have the
economic effect of leverage by creating additional investment exposure. The amount and sources of leverage will vary depending on market
conditions. Temporary Defensive Periods During temporary defensive periods (e.g., times when, in the Fund’s
investment adviser’s and/or the Fund’s sub-adviser’s opinion, temporary imbalances of supply and demand or other temporary
dislocations in the tax-exempt bond market adversely affect the price at which long-term or intermediate-term municipal securities are
available), and in order to keep the Fund’s cash fully invested, the Fund may invest any percentage of its Managed Assets in short-term
investments including high quality, short-term debt securities that may be either tax-exempt or taxable. The Fund may not achieve its
investment objectives during such periods. 207 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) NUVEEN MUNICIPAL CREDIT INCOME FUND (NZF) Investment Objectives The Fund’s investment objectives are to provide current income
exempt from regular federal income tax and to enhance portfolio value relative to the municipal bond market by investing in tax-exempt
municipal bonds that the Fund’s investment adviser believes are underrated or undervalued or that represent municipal market sectors
that are undervalued. Investment Policies Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80% of
its Assets (as defined below) in municipal securities and other related investments, the income from which is exempt from regular federal
income taxes. As a non-fundamental investment policy, under normal circumstances,
the Fund may invest up to 55% of its Managed Assets (as defined below) in securities that, at the time of investment, are rated below
the three highest grades (Baa or BBB or lower) by at least one NRSRO or are unrated but judged to be of comparable quality by the Fund’s
sub-adviser. The Fund generally invests in municipal securities with long-term
maturities in order to maintain an average effective maturity of 15 to 30 years, including the effects of leverage, but the average effective
maturity of obligations held by the Fund may be lengthened or shortened as a result of portfolio transactions effected by the Fund’s
investment adviser and/or the Fund’s sub-adviser, depending on market conditions and on an assessment by the portfolio manager of
which segments of the municipal securities markets offer the most favorable relative investment values and opportunities for tax-exempt
income and total return. “Assets” mean the net assets of the Fund plus the amount
of any borrowings for investment purposes. “Managed Assets” mean the total assets of the Fund, minus the sum of its accrued
liabilities (other than Fund liabilities incurred for the express purpose of creating leverage). Total assets for this purpose shall include
assets attributable to the Fund’s use of leverage (whether or not those assets are reflected in the Fund’s financial statements
for purposes of generally accepted accounting principles), and derivatives will be valued at their market value. Under normal circumstances: • The Fund may invest up to 20% of its Managed Assets in municipal securities that pay interest
that is taxable under the federal alternative minimum tax. • The Fund may invest up to 15% of its Managed Assets in inverse floating rate securities. • The Fund may not enter into a futures contract or related options or forward contracts if
more than 30% of the Fund’s Managed Assets would be represented by futures contracts or more than 5% of the Fund’s Managed
Assets would be committed to initial margin deposits and premiums on futures contracts or related options. The
foregoing policies apply only at the time of any new investment. Approving Changes in Investment Policies The Board of Trustees of the Fund may change the policies described
above without a shareholder vote. However, with respect to the Fund’s policy of investing at least 80% of its Assets in municipal
securities and other related investments, the income from which is exempt from regular federal income taxes, such policy may not be changed
without 60 days’ prior written notice and the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares and preferred
shares voting together as a single class, and the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding preferred shares, voting separately
as a single class. A “majority of the outstanding” shares means (i) 67% or more of the shares present at a meeting, if the
holders of more than 50% of the shares are present or represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50% of the shares, whichever is less. Portfolio Contents The Fund generally invests in municipal securities. Municipal securities
include municipal bonds, notes, securities issued to finance and refinance public projects, certificates of participation, variable rate
demand obligations, lease obligations, municipal notes, pre-refunded municipal bonds, private activity bonds, securities issued by TOB
Trusts, including inverse floating rate securities, and other forms of municipal bonds and securities, and other related instruments that
create exposure to municipal bonds, notes and securities that provide for the payment of interest income that is exempt from regular U.S.
federal income tax. Municipal securities are debt obligations generally issued by states,
cities and local authorities and certain possessions and territories of the United States (such as Puerto Rico and Guam) to finance or
refinance public purpose projects such as roads, schools, and water supply systems. The Fund may also invest in municipal securities that pay interest
that is taxable under the federal alternative minimum tax applicable to noncorporate taxpayers (“AMT Bonds”). AMT Bonds may
trigger adverse tax consequences for Fund shareholders who are subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. 208 Table of Contents The Fund may invest in municipal securities that represent lease
obligations and certificates of participation in such leases. A municipal lease is an obligation in the form of a lease or installment
purchase that is issued by a state or local government to acquire equipment and facilities. Income from such obligations generally is
exempt from state and local taxes in the state of issuance. A certificate of participation represents an undivided interest in an unmanaged
pool of municipal leases, an installment purchase agreement or other instruments. The certificates typically are issued by a municipal
agency, a trust or other entity that has received an assignment of the payments to be made by the state or political subdivision under
such leases or installment purchase agreements. Such certificates provide the Fund with the right to a pro rata undivided
interest in the underlying municipal securities. In addition, such participations generally provide the Fund with the right to demand
payment, on not more than seven days’ notice, of all or any part of the Fund’s participation interest in the underlying municipal
securities, plus accrued interest. The Fund may invest in municipal notes. Municipal securities in
the form of notes generally are used to provide for short-term capital needs, in anticipation of an issuer’s receipt of other revenues
or financing, and typically have maturities of up to three years. Such instruments may include tax anticipation notes, revenue anticipation
notes, bond anticipation notes, tax and revenue anticipation notes and construction loan notes. Tax anticipation notes are issued to finance
the working capital needs of governments. Generally, they are issued in anticipation of various tax revenues, such as income, sales, property,
use and business taxes, and are payable from these specific future taxes. Revenue anticipation notes are issued in expectation of receipt
of other kinds of revenue, such as federal revenues available under federal revenue sharing programs. Bond anticipation notes are issued
to provide interim financing until long-term bond financing can be arranged. In most cases, the long-term bonds then provide the funds
needed for repayment of the bond anticipation notes. Tax and revenue anticipation notes combine the funding sources of both tax anticipation
notes and revenue anticipation notes. Construction loan notes are sold to provide construction financing. Mortgage notes insured by the
Federal Housing Authority secure these notes; however, the proceeds from the insurance may be less than the economic equivalent of the
payment of principal and interest on the mortgage note if there has been a default. The anticipated revenues from taxes, grants or bond
financing generally secure the obligations of an issuer of municipal notes. The Fund may invest in “tobacco settlement bonds.” Tobacco
settlement bonds are municipal securities that are secured or payable solely from the collateralization of the proceeds from class action
or other litigation against the tobacco industry. The Fund may invest in pre-refunded municipal securities. The principal
of and interest on pre-refunded municipal securities are no longer paid from the original revenue source for the securities. Instead,
the source of such payments is typically an escrow fund consisting of U.S. government securities. The assets in the escrow fund are derived
from the proceeds of refunding bonds issued by the same issuer as the pre-refunded municipal securities. Issuers of municipal securities
use this advance refunding technique to obtain more favorable terms with respect to securities that are not yet subject to call or redemption
by the issuer. For example, advance refunding enables an issuer to refinance debt at lower market interest rates, restructure debt to
improve cash flow or eliminate restrictive covenants in the indenture or other governing instrument for the pre-refunded municipal securities.
However, except for a change in the revenue source from which principal and interest payments are made, the pre-refunded municipal securities
remain outstanding on their original terms until they mature or are redeemed by the issuer. The Fund may invest in private activity bonds. Private activity
bonds are issued by or on behalf of public authorities to obtain funds to provide privately operated housing facilities, airport, mass
transit or port facilities, sewage disposal, solid waste disposal or hazardous waste treatment or disposal facilities and certain local
facilities for water supply, gas or electricity. Other types of private activity bonds, the proceeds of which are used for the construction,
equipment, repair or improvement of privately operated industrial or commercial facilities, may constitute municipal securities, although
the current federal tax laws place substantial limitations on the size of such issues. The Fund may invest in municipal securities issued by special taxing
districts. Special taxing districts are organized to plan and finance infrastructure developments to induce residential, commercial and
industrial growth and redevelopment. The bond financing methods such as tax increment finance, tax assessment, special services district
and Mello-Roos bonds, are generally payable solely from taxes or other revenues attributable to the specific projects financed by the
bonds without recourse to the credit or taxing power of related or overlapping municipalities. The Fund may invest in inverse floating rate securities issued by
a TOB trust, the interest rate on which varies inversely with the Securities Industry Financial Markets Association short-term rate, which
resets weekly, or a similar short-term rate, and is reduced by the expenses related to the TOB trust. Typically, inverse floating rate
securities represent beneficial interests in a special purpose trust (sometimes called a TOB trust) formed by a third party sponsor for
the purpose of holding municipal bonds. Inverse floating rate securities may increase or decrease in value at a greater rate than the
underlying interest rate on the municipal bond held by the TOB trust, which effectively leverages the Fund’s investment. The Fund may invest in floating rate securities issued by special
purpose trusts. Floating rate securities may take the form of short-term floating rate securities or the option period may be substantially
longer. Generally, the interest rate earned will be based upon the market rates for municipal securities with maturities or remarketing
provisions that are comparable in duration to the periodic interval of the tender option, which may vary from weekly, to monthly, to extended
periods of one year or multiple years. Since the option feature has a shorter term than the final maturity or first call date of the underlying
bond deposited in the trust, the Fund as the holder of the floating rate security relies upon the terms of the agreement with the financial
institution furnishing the option as well as the credit strength of that institution. As further assurance of liquidity, the terms of
the trust provide for a liquidation of the municipal security deposited in the trust and the application of the proceeds to pay off the
floating rate security. The trusts that 209 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) are organized to issue both short-term floating rate securities
and inverse floaters generally include liquidation triggers to protect the investor in the floating rate security. The Fund may invest in zero coupon bonds. A zero coupon bond is
a bond that typically does not pay interest for the entire life of the obligation or for an initial period after the issuance of the obligation. The Fund may buy and sell securities on a when-issued or delayed
delivery basis, making payment or taking delivery at a later date, normally within 15 to 45 days of the trade date. The Fund may invest in illiquid securities (i.e., securities that
are not readily marketable), including, but not limited to, restricted securities (securities the disposition of which is restricted under
the federal securities laws), securities that may be resold only pursuant to Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, and repurchase agreements with
maturities in excess of seven days. The Fund may enter into certain derivative instruments in pursuit
of its investment objectives, including to seek to enhance return, to hedge certain risks of its investments in municipal securities or
as a substitute for a position in the underlying asset. Such instruments include financial futures contracts, swap contracts (including
interest rate swaps, credit default swaps and MMD Rate Locks), options on financial futures, options on swap contracts or other derivative
instruments. The Fund may purchase and sell MMD Rate Locks. An MMD Rate Lock
permits the Fund to lock in a specified municipal interest rate for a portion of its portfolio to preserve a return on a particular investment
or a portion of its portfolio as a duration management technique or to protect against any increase in the price of securities to be purchased
at a later date. By using an MMD Rate Lock, the Fund can create a synthetic long or short position, allowing the Fund to select what the
manager believes is an attractive part of the yield curve. The Fund will ordinarily use these transactions as a hedge or for duration
or risk management although it is permitted to enter into them to enhance income or gain or to increase the Fund’s yield, for example,
during periods of steep interest rate yield curves ( i.e. , wide differences between short term and long term interest rates). The Fund may also invest in securities of other open- or closed-end
investment companies (including ETFs) that invest primarily in municipal securities of the types in which the Fund may invest directly,
to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, the rules and regulations issued thereunder and applicable exemptive orders issued by the SEC.
In addition, the Fund may invest a portion of its Managed Assets in pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies) that
invest primarily in municipal securities of the types in which the Fund may invest directly. Use of Leverage The Fund uses leverage to pursue its investment objectives. The
Fund may use leverage to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. The Fund may source leverage through a number of methods including the
issuance of Preferred Shares, investments in inverse floating rate securities and borrowings. In addition, the Fund may also use certain
derivatives that have the economic effect of leverage by creating additional investment exposure. The amount and sources of leverage will
vary depending on market conditions. Temporary Defensive Periods During temporary defensive periods (e.g., times when, in the Fund’s
investment adviser’s and/or the Fund’s sub-adviser’s opinion, temporary imbalances of supply and demand or other temporary
dislocations in the tax-exempt bond market adversely affect the price at which long-term or intermediate-term municipal securities are
available), and in order to keep the Fund’s cash fully invested, the Fund may invest any percentage of its Managed Assets in short-term
investments including high quality, short-term debt securities that may be either tax-exempt or taxable. The Fund may not achieve its
investment objectives during such periods. 210 Table of Contents NUVEEN MUNICIPAL HIGH INCOME OPPORTUNITY
FUND (NMZ) Investment Objectives The Fund’s primary investment objective is to provide high
current income exempt from regular federal income tax. The Fund’s secondary investment objective is to seek attractive total return
consistent with its primary objective. Investment Policies Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80% of
its Assets (as defined below) in municipal securities and other related investments, the income from which is exempt from regular federal
income taxes. The Fund generally invests in municipal securities with long-term
maturities in order to maintain an average effective maturity of 15 to 30 years, including the effects of leverage, but the average effective
maturity of obligations held by the Fund may be lengthened or shortened as a result of portfolio transactions effected by the Fund’s
investment adviser and/or the Fund’s sub-adviser, depending on market conditions and on an assessment by the portfolio manager of
which segments of the municipal securities markets offer the most favorable relative investment values and opportunities for tax-exempt
income and total return. “Assets” mean the net assets of the Fund plus the amount
of any borrowings for investment purposes. “Managed Assets” mean the total assets of the Fund, minus the sum of its accrued
liabilities (other than Fund liabilities incurred for the express purpose of creating leverage). Total assets for this purpose shall include
assets attributable to the Fund’s use of leverage (whether or not those assets are reflected in the Fund’s financial statements
for purposes of generally accepted accounting principles), and derivatives will be valued at their market value. Under normal circumstances: • The Fund may invest up to 20% of its Managed Assets in municipal securities that pay interest
that is taxable under the federal alternative minimum tax. • The Fund may invest up to 75% of its Managed Assets in municipal securities that, at the
time of investment, are rated Baa/BBB or lower by at least one NRSRO or are unrated but judged to be of comparable quality by the Fund’s
sub-adviser. • The Fund may not invest more than 10% of its Managed Assets in municipal securities rated
below B3/B- by any NRSROs that rate the security or that are unrated by all NRSROs but judged to be of comparable quality by the Fund’s
sub-adviser. • The Fund may invest up to 25% of its Managed Assets in municipal securities in any one industry
or in any one state of origin. • The Fund may invest up to 15% of its Managed Assets in inverse floating rate securities. The
foregoing policies apply only at the time of any new investment. Approving Changes in Investment Policies The Board of Trustees of the Fund may change the policies described
above without a shareholder vote. However, with respect to the Fund’s policy of investing at least 80% of its Assets in municipal
securities and other related investments, the income from which is exempt from regular federal income taxes, such policy may not be changed
without 60 days’ prior written notice and the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares and preferred
shares voting together as a single class, and the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding preferred shares, voting separately
as a single class. A “majority of the outstanding” shares means (i) 67% or more of the shares present at a meeting, if the
holders of more than 50% of the shares are present or represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50% of the shares, whichever is less. Portfolio Contents The Fund generally invests in municipal securities. Municipal securities
include municipal bonds, notes, securities issued to finance and refinance public projects, certificates of participation, variable rate
demand obligations, lease obligations, municipal notes, pre-refunded municipal bonds, private activity bonds, securities issued by TOB
Trusts, including inverse floating rate securities, and other forms of municipal bonds and securities, and other related instruments that
create exposure to municipal bonds, notes and securities that provide for the payment of interest income that is exempt from regular U.S.
federal income tax. Municipal securities are debt obligations generally issued by states,
cities and local authorities and certain possessions and territories of the United States (such as Puerto Rico and Guam) to finance or
refinance public purpose projects such as roads, schools, and water supply systems. The Fund may invest in municipal securities that are additionally
secured by insurance, bank credit agreements or escrow accounts. The Fund may also invest in AMT Bonds. AMT Bonds may trigger adverse
tax consequences for Fund shareholders who are subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. 211 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) The Fund may invest a significant portion of its Managed Assets
in certain sectors of the municipal securities market, such as hospitals and other health care facilities, charter schools and other private
educational facilities, special taxing districts and start-up utility districts, and private activity bonds including industrial development
bonds on behalf of transportation companies such as airline companies, whose credit quality and performance may be more susceptible to
economic, business, political, regulatory and other developments than other sectors of municipal issuers. The Fund may invest in municipal securities that represent lease
obligations and certificates of participation in such leases. A municipal lease is an obligation in the form of a lease or installment
purchase that is issued by a state or local government to acquire equipment and facilities. Income from such obligations generally is
exempt from state and local taxes in the state of issuance. A certificate of participation represents an undivided interest in an unmanaged
pool of municipal leases, an installment purchase agreement or other instruments. The certificates typically are issued by a municipal
agency, a trust or other entity that has received an assignment of the payments to be made by the state or political subdivision under
such leases or installment purchase agreements. Such certificates provide the Fund with the right to a pro rata undivided
interest in the underlying municipal securities. In addition, such participations generally provide the Fund with the right to demand
payment, on not more than seven days’ notice, of all or any part of the Fund’s participation interest in the underlying municipal
securities, plus accrued interest. The Fund may invest in municipal notes. Municipal securities in
the form of notes generally are used to provide for short-term capital needs, in anticipation of an issuer’s receipt of other revenues
or financing, and typically have maturities of up to three years. Such instruments may include tax anticipation notes, revenue anticipation
notes, bond anticipation notes, tax and revenue anticipation notes and construction loan notes. Tax anticipation notes are issued to finance
the working capital needs of governments. Generally, they are issued in anticipation of various tax revenues, such as income, sales, property,
use and business taxes, and are payable from these specific future taxes. Revenue anticipation notes are issued in expectation of receipt
of other kinds of revenue, such as federal revenues available under federal revenue sharing programs. Bond anticipation notes are issued
to provide interim financing until long-term bond financing can be arranged. In most cases, the long-term bonds then provide the funds
needed for repayment of the bond anticipation notes. Tax and revenue anticipation notes combine the funding sources of both tax anticipation
notes and revenue anticipation notes. Construction loan notes are sold to provide construction financing. Mortgage notes insured by the
Federal Housing Authority secure these notes; however, the proceeds from the insurance may be less than the economic equivalent of the
payment of principal and interest on the mortgage note if there has been a default. The anticipated revenues from taxes, grants or bond
financing generally secure the obligations of an issuer of municipal notes. The Fund may invest in “tobacco settlement bonds.” Tobacco
settlement bonds are municipal securities that are secured or payable solely from the collateralization of the proceeds from class action
or other litigation against the tobacco industry. The Fund may invest in pre-refunded municipal securities. The principal
of and interest on pre-refunded municipal securities are no longer paid from the original revenue source for the securities. Instead,
the source of such payments is typically an escrow fund consisting of U.S. government securities. The assets in the escrow fund are derived
from the proceeds of refunding bonds issued by the same issuer as the pre-refunded municipal securities. Issuers of municipal securities
use this advance refunding technique to obtain more favorable terms with respect to securities that are not yet subject to call or redemption
by the issuer. For example, advance refunding enables an issuer to refinance debt at lower market interest rates, restructure debt to
improve cash flow or eliminate restrictive covenants in the indenture or other governing instrument for the pre-refunded municipal securities.
However, except for a change in the revenue source from which principal and interest payments are made, the pre-refunded municipal securities
remain outstanding on their original terms until they mature or are redeemed by the issuer. The Fund may invest in private activity bonds. Private activity
bonds are issued by or on behalf of public authorities to obtain funds to provide privately operated housing facilities, airport, mass
transit or port facilities, sewage disposal, solid waste disposal or hazardous waste treatment or disposal facilities and certain local
facilities for water supply, gas or electricity. Other types of private activity bonds, the proceeds of which are used for the construction,
equipment, repair or improvement of privately operated industrial or commercial facilities, may constitute municipal securities, although
the current federal tax laws place substantial limitations on the size of such issues. The Fund may invest in municipal securities issued by special taxing
districts. Special taxing districts are organized to plan and finance infrastructure developments to induce residential, commercial and
industrial growth and redevelopment. The bond financing methods such as tax increment finance, tax assessment, special services district
and Mello-Roos bonds, are generally payable solely from taxes or other revenues attributable to the specific projects financed by the
bonds without recourse to the credit or taxing power of related or overlapping municipalities. The Fund may invest in inverse floating rate securities issued by
a TOB trust, the interest rate on which varies inversely with the Securities Industry Financial Markets Association short-term rate, which
resets weekly, or a similar short-term rate, and is reduced by the expenses related to the TOB trust. Typically, inverse floating rate
securities represent beneficial interests in a special purpose trust (sometimes called a TOB trust) formed by a third party sponsor for
the purpose of holding municipal bonds. Inverse floating rate securities may increase or decrease in value at a greater rate than the
underlying interest rate on the municipal bond held by the TOB trust, which effectively leverages the Fund’s investment. The Fund may invest in floating rate securities issued by special
purpose trusts. Floating rate securities may take the form of short-term floating rate securities or the option period may be substantially
longer. Generally, the interest rate earned will be based upon the market rates for municipal securities with maturities or remarketing
provisions that are comparable in duration to the periodic interval of the tender option, which may vary from 212 Table of Contents weekly, to monthly, to extended periods of one year or multiple
years. Since the option feature has a shorter term than the final maturity or first call date of the underlying bond deposited in the
trust, the Fund as the holder of the floating rate security relies upon the terms of the agreement with the financial institution furnishing
the option as well as the credit strength of that institution. As further assurance of liquidity, the terms of the trust provide for a
liquidation of the municipal security deposited in the trust and the application of the proceeds to pay off the floating rate security.
The trusts that are organized to issue both short-term floating rate securities and inverse floaters generally include liquidation triggers
to protect the investor in the floating rate security. The Fund may invest in zero coupon bonds. A zero coupon bond is
a bond that typically does not pay interest for the entire life of the obligation or for an initial period after the issuance of the obligation. The Fund may buy and sell securities on a when-issued or delayed
delivery basis, making payment or taking delivery at a later date, normally within 15 to 45 days of the trade date. The Fund may invest in illiquid securities (i.e., securities that
are not readily marketable), including, but not limited to, restricted securities (securities the disposition of which is restricted under
the federal securities laws), securities that may be resold only pursuant to Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, and repurchase agreements with
maturities in excess of seven days. The Fund may enter into certain derivative instruments in pursuit
of its investment objective, including to seek to enhance return, to hedge certain risks of its investments in municipal securities or
as a substitute for a position in the underlying asset. Such instruments include financial futures contracts, swap contracts (including
interest rate swaps, credit default swaps and MMD Rate Locks), options on financial futures, options on swap contracts, or other derivative
instruments. The Fund may purchase and sell MMD Rate Locks. An MMD Rate Lock
permits the Fund to lock in a specified municipal interest rate for a portion of its portfolio to preserve a return on a particular investment
or a portion of its portfolio as a duration management technique or to protect against any increase in the price of securities to be purchased
at a later date. By using an MMD Rate Lock, the Fund can create a synthetic long or short position, allowing the Fund to select what the
manager believes is an attractive part of the yield curve. The Fund will ordinarily use these transactions as a hedge or for duration
or risk management although it is permitted to enter into them to enhance income or gain or to increase the Fund’s yield, for example,
during periods of steep interest rate yield curves ( i.e. , wide differences between short term and long term interest rates). The Fund may also invest in securities of other open- or closed-end
investment companies (including ETFs) that invest primarily in municipal securities of the types in which the Fund may invest directly,
to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, the rules and regulations issued thereunder and applicable exemptive orders issued by the SEC. Use of Leverage The Fund uses leverage to pursue its investment objectives. The
Fund may use leverage to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. The Fund may source leverage through a number of methods including the
issuance of Preferred Shares, investments in inverse floating rate securities, entering into reverse repurchase agreements (effectively
a secured borrowing) and borrowings (subject to certain investment restrictions). In addition, the Fund may also use certain derivatives
that have the economic effect of leverage by creating additional investment exposure. The amount and sources of leverage will vary depending
on market conditions. Temporary Defensive Periods During temporary defensive periods (e.g., times when, in the Fund’s
investment adviser’s and/or the Fund’s sub-adviser’s opinion, temporary imbalances of supply and demand or other temporary
dislocations in the tax-exempt bond market adversely affect the price at which long-term or intermediate-term municipal securities are
available), and in order to keep the Fund’s cash fully invested, the Fund may invest any percentage of its Managed Assets in short-term
investments including high quality, short-term debt securities that may be either tax-exempt or taxable. The Fund may not achieve its
investment objectives during such periods. 213 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) NUVEEN MUNICIPAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND
(NMCO) Investment Objectives The Fund’s primary investment objective is to provide a high
level of current income exempt from regular U.S. federal income tax. The Fund’s secondary investment objective is to seek total
return. Investment Policies Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80% of
its Assets (as defined below) in municipal securities, the income from which is exempt from regular U.S. federal income taxes. “Assets” mean the net assets of the Fund plus the amount
of any borrowings for investment purposes. “Managed Assets” mean the total assets of the Fund, minus the sum of its accrued
liabilities (other than Fund liabilities incurred for the express purpose of creating leverage). Total assets for this purpose shall include
assets attributable to the Fund’s use of leverage (whether or not those assets are reflected in the Fund’s financial statements
for purposes of generally accepted accounting principles), and derivatives will be valued at their market value. Under normal circumstances: • The Fund may invest without limit in high yielding, low- to medium-quality municipal securities
(low- to medium-quality municipal securities are municipal securities rated Baa/BBB or lower) rated by at least one NRSRO at the time
of investment or are unrated but judged by the Fund’s sub-adviser to be of comparable quality. • The Fund may invest no more than 30% of its Managed Assets in municipal securities that,
at the time of investment, either are rated CCC+/Caa1 or lower, or are unrated but judged by the Fund’s sub-adviser to be of comparable
quality. • The Fund may invest no more than 10% of its Managed Assets in defaulted securities or in
the securities of an issuer that is in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. The
foregoing policies apply only at the time of any new investment. Approving Changes in Investment Policies The Board of Trustees of the Fund may change the policies described
above without a shareholder vote. However, with respect to the Fund’s policy of investing at least 80% of its Assets in municipal
securities, the income from which is exempt from regular U.S. federal income taxes, such policy may not be changed without 60 days’
prior written notice and the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares and preferred shares voting together
as a single class, and the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding preferred shares, voting separately as a single class.
A “majority of the outstanding” shares means (i) 67% or more of the shares present at a meeting, if the holders of more than
50% of the shares are present or represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50% of the shares, whichever is less. Portfolio Contents The Fund generally invests in municipal securities. Municipal securities
include municipal bonds, notes, securities issued to finance and refinance public projects, certificates of participation, variable rate
demand obligations, lease obligations, municipal notes, pre-refunded municipal bonds, private activity bonds, securities issued by TOB
Trusts, including inverse floating rate securities, and other forms of municipal bonds and securities, and other related instruments that
create exposure to municipal bonds, notes and securities that provide for the payment of interest income that is exempt from regular U.S.
federal income tax. Municipal securities are debt obligations generally issued by states,
cities and local authorities and certain possessions and territories of the United States (such as Puerto Rico and Guam) to finance or
refinance public purpose projects such as roads, schools, and water supply systems. The Fund may invest in municipal securities that are additionally
secured by insurance, bank credit agreements or escrow accounts. The Fund may invest in municipal securities that represent lease
obligations and certificates of participation in such leases. A municipal lease is an obligation in the form of a lease or installment
purchase that is issued by a state or local government to acquire equipment and facilities. Income from such obligations generally is
exempt from state and local taxes in the state of issuance. A certificate of participation represents an undivided interest in an unmanaged
pool of municipal leases, an installment purchase agreement or other instruments. The certificates typically are issued by a municipal
agency, a trust or other entity that has received an assignment of the payments to be made by the state or political subdivision under
such leases or installment purchase agreements. Such certificates provide the Fund with the right to a pro rata undivided
interest in the underlying municipal securities. In addition, such participations generally provide the Fund with the right to demand
payment, on not more than seven days’ notice, of all or any part of the Fund’s participation interest in the underlying municipal
securities, plus accrued interest. The Fund may invest in municipal notes. Municipal securities in
the form of notes generally are used to provide for short-term capital needs, in anticipation of an issuer’s receipt of other revenues
or financing, and typically have maturities of up to three years. Such instruments may include tax 214 Table of Contents anticipation notes, revenue anticipation notes, bond anticipation
notes, tax and revenue anticipation notes and construction loan notes. Tax anticipation notes are issued to finance the working capital
needs of governments. Generally, they are issued in anticipation of various tax revenues, such as income, sales, property, use and business
taxes, and are payable from these specific future taxes. Revenue anticipation notes are issued in expectation of receipt of other kinds
of revenue, such as federal revenues available under federal revenue sharing programs. Bond anticipation notes are issued to provide interim
financing until long-term bond financing can be arranged. In most cases, the long-term bonds then provide the funds needed for repayment
of the bond anticipation notes. Tax and revenue anticipation notes combine the funding sources of both tax anticipation notes and revenue
anticipation notes. Construction loan notes are sold to provide construction financing. Mortgage notes insured by the Federal Housing
Authority secure these notes; however, the proceeds from the insurance may be less than the economic equivalent of the payment of principal
and interest on the mortgage note if there has been a default. The anticipated revenues from taxes, grants or bond financing generally
secure the obligations of an issuer of municipal notes. The Fund may invest in “tobacco settlement bonds.” Tobacco
settlement bonds are municipal securities that are secured or payable solely from the collateralization of the proceeds from class action
or other litigation against the tobacco industry. The Fund may invest in pre-refunded municipal securities. The principal
of and interest on pre-refunded municipal securities are no longer paid from the original revenue source for the securities. Instead,
the source of such payments is typically an escrow fund consisting of U.S. government securities. The assets in the escrow fund are derived
from the proceeds of refunding bonds issued by the same issuer as the pre-refunded municipal securities. Issuers of municipal securities
use this advance refunding technique to obtain more favorable terms with respect to securities that are not yet subject to call or redemption
by the issuer. For example, advance refunding enables an issuer to refinance debt at lower market interest rates, restructure debt to
improve cash flow or eliminate restrictive covenants in the indenture or other governing instrument for the pre-refunded municipal securities.
However, except for a change in the revenue source from which principal and interest payments are made, the pre-refunded municipal securities
remain outstanding on their original terms until they mature or are redeemed by the issuer. The Fund may invest in private activity bonds. Private activity
bonds are issued by or on behalf of public authorities to obtain funds to provide privately operated housing facilities, airport, mass
transit or port facilities, sewage disposal, solid waste disposal or hazardous waste treatment or disposal facilities and certain local
facilities for water supply, gas or electricity. Other types of private activity bonds, the proceeds of which are used for the construction,
equipment, repair or improvement of privately operated industrial or commercial facilities, may constitute municipal securities, although
the current federal tax laws place substantial limitations on the size of such issues. The Fund may invest in municipal securities issued by special taxing
districts. Special taxing districts are organized to plan and finance infrastructure developments to induce residential, commercial and
industrial growth and redevelopment. The bond financing methods such as tax increment finance, tax assessment, special services district
and Mello-Roos bonds, are generally payable solely from taxes or other revenues attributable to the specific projects financed by the
bonds without recourse to the credit or taxing power of related or overlapping municipalities. The Fund may invest in inverse floating rate securities issued by
a TOB trust, the interest rate on which varies inversely with the Securities Industry Financial Markets Association short-term rate, which
resets weekly, or a similar short-term rate, and is reduced by the expenses related to the TOB trust. Typically, inverse floating rate
securities represent beneficial interests in a special purpose trust (sometimes called a TOB trust) formed by a third party sponsor for
the purpose of holding municipal bonds. Inverse floating rate securities may increase or decrease in value at a greater rate than the
underlying interest rate on the municipal bond held by the TOB trust, which effectively leverages the Fund’s investment. The Fund may invest in floating rate securities issued by special
purpose trusts. Floating rate securities may take the form of short-term floating rate securities or the option period may be substantially
longer. Generally, the interest rate earned will be based upon the market rates for municipal securities with maturities or remarketing
provisions that are comparable in duration to the periodic interval of the tender option, which may vary from weekly, to monthly, to extended
periods of one year or multiple years. Since the option feature has a shorter term than the final maturity or first call date of the underlying
bond deposited in the trust, the Fund as the holder of the floating rate security relies upon the terms of the agreement with the financial
institution furnishing the option as well as the credit strength of that institution. As further assurance of liquidity, the terms of
the trust provide for a liquidation of the municipal security deposited in the trust and the application of the proceeds to pay off the
floating rate security. The trusts that are organized to issue both short-term floating rate securities and inverse floaters generally
include liquidation triggers to protect the investor in the floating rate security. The Fund may invest in zero coupon bonds. A zero coupon bond is
a bond that typically does not pay interest for the entire life of the obligation or for an initial period after the issuance of the obligation. The Fund may buy and sell securities on a when-issued or delayed
delivery basis, making payment or taking delivery at a later date, normally within 15 to 45 days of the trade date. The Fund may invest in illiquid securities (i.e., securities that
are not readily marketable), including, but not limited to, restricted securities (securities the disposition of which is restricted under
the federal securities laws), securities that may be resold only pursuant to Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, and repurchase agreements with
maturities in excess of seven days. 215 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) The Fund may enter into certain derivative instruments in pursuit
of its investment objectives, including to seek to enhance return, to hedge certain risks of its investments in municipal securities or
as a substitute for a position in the underlying asset. Such instruments include financial futures contracts, swap contracts (including
interest rate swaps, credit default swaps and MMD Rate Locks), options on financial futures, options on swap contracts or other derivative
instruments. The Fund may purchase and sell MMD Rate Locks. An MMD Rate Lock
permits the Fund to lock in a specified municipal interest rate for a portion of its portfolio to preserve a return on a particular investment
or a portion of its portfolio as a duration management technique or to protect against any increase in the price of securities to be purchased
at a later date. By using an MMD Rate Lock, the Fund can create a synthetic long or short position, allowing the Fund to select what the
manager believes is an attractive part of the yield curve. The Fund will ordinarily use these transactions as a hedge or for duration
or risk management although it is permitted to enter into them to enhance income or gain or to increase the Fund’s yield, for example,
during periods of steep interest rate yield curves ( i.e. , wide differences between short term and long term interest rates). The Fund may also invest in securities of other open- or closed-end
investment companies (including ETFs) that invest primarily in municipal securities of the types in which the Fund may invest directly,
to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, the rules and regulations issued thereunder and applicable exemptive orders issued by the SEC. Use of Leverage The Fund uses leverage to pursue its investment objectives. The
Fund may use leverage to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. The Fund may source leverage through a number of methods including the
issuance of Preferred Shares, investments in inverse floating rate securities, entering into reverse repurchase agreements (effectively
a secured borrowing), or a combination of both. In addition, the Fund may also use certain derivatives that have the economic effect of
leverage by creating additional investment exposure. The amount and sources of leverage will vary depending on market conditions. Temporary Defensive Periods During temporary defensive periods (e.g., times when, in the Fund’s
investment adviser’s and/or the Fund’s sub-adviser’s opinion, temporary imbalances of supply and demand or other temporary
dislocations in the tax-exempt bond market adversely affect the price at which long-term or intermediate-term municipal securities are
available), and in order to keep the Fund’s cash fully invested, the Fund may invest any percentage of its Managed Assets in short-term
investments including high quality, short-term debt securities that may be either tax-exempt or taxable. The Fund may not achieve its
investment objectives during such periods. 216 Table of Contents NUVEEN DYNAMIC MUNICIPAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND
(NDMO) Investment Objective The Fund’s investment objective is to seek total return through
income exempt from regular federal income taxes and capital appreciation. Investment Policies Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80% of
its Assets (as defined below) in municipal securities, the income from which is exempt from regular federal income taxes. “Assets” means net assets of the Fund plus the amount
of any borrowings for investment purposes. “Managed Assets” means the total assets of the Fund, minus the sum of its accrued
liabilities (other than Fund liabilities incurred for the express purpose of creating leverage). Total assets for this purpose shall include
assets attributable to the Fund’s use of leverage (whether or not those assets are reflected in the Fund’s financial statements
for purposes of generally accepted accounting principles), and derivatives will be valued at their market value. Under normal circumstances: • The Fund may invest in municipal securities of any credit quality and without limit in below
investment grade municipal securities (municipal securities rated BB+/Ba1 or lower) rated by at least one NRSRO at the time of investment
or are unrated but judged by the Fund’s sub-adviser to be of comparable quality. • The Fund may invest up to 20% of its Managed Assets in taxable debt obligations, including
taxable municipal securities and corporate debt securities. • The Fund may invest no more than 10% of its Managed Assets in defaulted securities or in
the securities of an issuer that is in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. This policy does not apply in connection with any workout
of an issuer of a debt security that the Fund already owns. The
foregoing policies apply only at the time of any new investment. Approving Changes in Investment Policies The Board of Trustees of the Fund may change the policies described
above without a shareholder vote. However, with respect to the Fund’s fundamental investment policy of investing at least 80% of
its Assets in municipal securities, the income from which is exempt from regular federal income taxes, such policy may not be changed
without 60 days’ prior written notice and the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares and preferred
shares voting together as a single class, and the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding preferred shares, voting separately
as a single class. A “majority of the outstanding” shares means (i) 67% or more of the shares present at a meeting, if the
holders of more than 50% of the shares are present or represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50% of the shares, whichever is less. Portfolio Contents The Fund generally invests its assets in a portfolio of municipal
securities of any credit quality and maturity. Municipal securities include municipal bonds, notes, securities issued to finance and refinance
public projects, certificates of participation, variable rate demand obligations, lease obligations, municipal notes, pre-refunded municipal
bonds, private activity bonds, securities issued by TOB Trusts, including inverse floating rate securities, and other forms of municipal
bonds and securities, and other related instruments that create exposure to municipal bonds, notes and securities that provide for the
payment of interest income that is exempt from regular U.S. federal income tax. Municipal securities are debt obligations generally issued by states,
cities and local authorities and certain possessions and territories of the United States (such as Puerto Rico and Guam) to finance or
refinance public purpose projects such as roads, schools, and water supply systems. The Fund may invest in municipal securities that are additionally
secured by insurance, bank credit agreements or escrow accounts. The Fund may also invest in AMT Bonds. AMT Bonds may trigger adverse
tax consequences for Fund shareholders who are subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. The Fund may invest in municipal securities that represent lease
obligations and certificates of participation in such leases. A municipal lease is an obligation in the form of a lease or installment
purchase that is issued by a state or local government to acquire equipment and facilities. Income from such obligations generally is
exempt from state and local taxes in the state of issuance. A certificate of participation represents an undivided interest in an unmanaged
pool of municipal leases, an installment purchase agreement or other instruments. The certificates typically are issued by a municipal
agency, a trust or other entity that has received an assignment of the payments to be made by the state or political subdivision under
such leases or installment purchase agreements. Such certificates provide the Fund with the right to a pro rata undivided
interest in the underlying municipal securities. In addition, such participations generally provide the Fund with the right to demand
payment, on not more than seven days’ notice, of all or any part of the Fund’s participation interest in the underlying municipal
securities, plus accrued interest. 217 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) The Fund may invest in municipal notes. Municipal securities in
the form of notes generally are used to provide for short-term capital needs, in anticipation of an issuer’s receipt of other revenues
or financing, and typically have maturities of up to three years. Such instruments may include tax anticipation notes, revenue anticipation
notes, bond anticipation notes, tax and revenue anticipation notes and construction loan notes. Tax anticipation notes are issued to finance
the working capital needs of governments. Generally, they are issued in anticipation of various tax revenues, such as income, sales, property,
use and business taxes, and are payable from these specific future taxes. Revenue anticipation notes are issued in expectation of receipt
of other kinds of revenue, such as federal revenues available under federal revenue sharing programs. Bond anticipation notes are issued
to provide interim financing until long-term bond financing can be arranged. In most cases, the long-term bonds then provide the funds
needed for repayment of the bond anticipation notes. Tax and revenue anticipation notes combine the funding sources of both tax anticipation
notes and revenue anticipation notes. Construction loan notes are sold to provide construction financing. Mortgage notes insured by the
Federal Housing Authority secure these notes; however, the proceeds from the insurance may be less than the economic equivalent of the
payment of principal and interest on the mortgage note if there has been a default. The anticipated revenues from taxes, grants or bond
financing generally secure the obligations of an issuer of municipal notes. The Fund may invest in pre-refunded municipal securities. The principal
of and interest on pre-refunded municipal securities are no longer paid from the original revenue source for the securities. Instead,
the source of such payments is typically an escrow fund consisting of U.S. government securities. The assets in the escrow fund are derived
from the proceeds of refunding bonds issued by the same issuer as the pre-refunded municipal securities. Issuers of municipal securities
use this advance refunding technique to obtain more favorable terms with respect to securities that are not yet subject to call or redemption
by the issuer. For example, advance refunding enables an issuer to refinance debt at lower market interest rates, restructure debt to
improve cash flow or eliminate restrictive covenants in the indenture or other governing instrument for the pre-refunded municipal securities.
However, except for a change in the revenue source from which principal and interest payments are made, the pre-refunded municipal securities
remain outstanding on their original terms until they mature or are redeemed by the issuer. The Fund may invest in private activity bonds. Private activity
bonds are issued by or on behalf of public authorities to obtain funds to provide privately operated housing facilities, airport, mass
transit or port facilities, sewage disposal, solid waste disposal or hazardous waste treatment or disposal facilities and certain local
facilities for water supply, gas or electricity. Other types of private activity bonds, the proceeds of which are used for the construction,
equipment, repair or improvement of privately operated industrial or commercial facilities, may constitute municipal securities, although
the current federal tax laws place substantial limitations on the size of such issues. The Fund may invest in municipal securities issued by special taxing
districts. Special taxing districts are organized to plan and finance infrastructure developments to induce residential, commercial and
industrial growth and redevelopment. The bond financing methods such as tax increment finance, tax assessment, special services district
and Mello-Roos bonds, are generally payable solely from taxes or other revenues attributable to the specific projects financed by the
bonds without recourse to the credit or taxing power of related or overlapping municipalities. The Fund may invest in “tobacco settlement bonds.” Tobacco
settlement bonds are municipal securities that are secured or payable solely from the collateralization of the proceeds from class action
or other litigation against the tobacco industry. The Fund may invest in inverse floating rate securities issued by
a TOB trust, the interest rate on which varies inversely with the Securities Industry Financial Markets Association short-term rate, which
resets weekly, or a similar short-term rate, and is reduced by the expenses related to the TOB trust. Typically, inverse floating rate
securities represent beneficial interests in a special purpose trust (sometimes called a TOB trust) formed by a third party sponsor for
the purpose of holding municipal bonds. Inverse floating rate securities may increase or decrease in value at a greater rate than the
underlying interest rate on the municipal bond held by the TOB trust, which effectively leverages the Fund’s investment. The Fund may invest in floating rate securities issued by special
purpose trusts. Floating rate securities may take the form of short-term floating rate securities or the option period may be substantially
longer. Generally, the interest rate earned will be based upon the market rates for municipal securities with maturities or remarketing
provisions that are comparable in duration to the periodic interval of the tender option, which may vary from weekly, to monthly, to extended
periods of one year or multiple years. Since the option feature has a shorter term than the final maturity or first call date of the underlying
bond deposited in the trust, the Fund as the holder of the floating rate security relies upon the terms of the agreement with the financial
institution furnishing the option as well as the credit strength of that institution. As further assurance of liquidity, the terms of
the trust provide for a liquidation of the municipal security deposited in the trust and the application of the proceeds to pay off the
floating rate security. The trusts that are organized to issue both short-term floating rate securities and inverse floaters generally
include liquidation triggers to protect the investor in the floating rate security. The Fund may invest in zero coupon bonds. A zero coupon bond is
a bond that typically does not pay interest for the entire life of the obligation or for an initial period after the issuance of the obligation. The Fund may buy and sell securities on a when-issued or delayed
delivery basis, making payment or taking delivery at a later date, normally within 15 to 45 days of the trade date. 218 Table of Contents The Fund may invest in illiquid securities (i.e., securities that
are not readily marketable), including, but not limited to, restricted securities (securities the disposition of which is restricted under
the federal securities laws), securities that may be resold only pursuant to Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, and repurchase agreements with
maturities in excess of seven days. The Fund may invest without limitation in credit default swaps,
and may enter into credit default swaps as either a buyer or a seller. The credit default swaps in which the Fund may invest (or sell)
include those in which the underlying reference instrument is the debt obligation of a single reference issuer (“single-name CDS”).
Unlike other types of credit default swaps, single-name CDS do not have the benefit of diversification across many issuers. In addition to credit default swaps, the Fund may enter into certain
derivative instruments in pursuit of its investment objective, including to seek to enhance return, to hedge certain risks of its investments
in municipal securities, to attempt to manage the effective maturity or duration of securities in the Fund’s portfolio or as a substitute
for a position in the underlying asset. Such instruments include financial futures contracts, swap contracts (including interest rate
swaps, credit default swaps and MMD Rate Locks), options on financial futures, options on swap contracts or other derivative instruments. The Fund may purchase and sell MMD Rate Locks. An MMD Rate Lock
permits the Fund to lock in a specified municipal interest rate for a portion of its portfolio to preserve a return on a particular investment
or a portion of its portfolio as a duration management technique or to protect against any increase in the price of securities to be purchased
at a later date. By using an MMD Rate Lock, the Fund can create a synthetic long or short position, allowing the Fund to select what the
manager believes is an attractive part of the yield curve. The Fund will ordinarily use these transactions as a hedge or for duration
or risk management although it is permitted to enter into them to enhance income or gain or to increase the Fund’s yield, for example,
during periods of steep interest rate yield curves ( i.e. , wide differences between short term and long term interest rates). The Fund may also invest in securities of other open- or closed-end
investment companies (including ETFs) that invest primarily in municipal securities of the types in which the Fund may invest directly,
to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, the rules and regulations issued thereunder and applicable exemptive orders issued by the SEC. Use of Leverage The Fund uses leverage to pursue its investment objective. The Fund
may use leverage to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. The Fund may source leverage through a number of methods including through borrowings,
issuing Preferred Shares, the issuance of debt securities, entering into reverse repurchase agreements (effectively a borrowing), and
investments in inverse floating rate securities. In addition, the Fund may also use certain derivatives that have the economic effect
of leverage by creating additional investment exposure. The amount and sources of leverage will vary depending on market conditions. Temporary Defensive Periods During temporary defensive periods or in order to help keep the
Fund’s assets fully invested, including during the period within which the net proceeds of an offering of Securities are first being
invested, the Fund may deviate from its investment policies and objectives. During such periods, the Fund may invest any percentage of
its Managed Assets in short-term investments, including high quality, short-term debt securities that may be either tax-exempt or taxable.
The Fund may not achieve its investment objectives during such periods. 219 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) PRINCIPAL RISKS OF THE FUNDS The factors that are most likely to have a material effect on a
particular Fund’s portfolio as a whole are called “principal risks.” Each Fund is subject to the principal risks indicated
below, whether through direct investment or derivative positions. Each Fund may be subject to additional risks other than those identified
and described below because the types of investments made by a Fund can change over time. Nuveen
    Municipal Nuveen
    Dynamic Nuveen
    AMT-Free Nuveen
    Municipal Nuveen
    Municipal Credit Municipal Municipal
    Credit Credit
    Income High
    Income Opportunities Opportunities Income
    Fund Fund Opportunity
    Fund Fund Fund Risk (NVG) (NZF) (NMZ) (NMCO) (NDMO) Portfolio
    Level Risks Alternative
    Minimum Tax Risk -- X X X X Below
    Investment Grade Risk X X X X X Call
    Risk X X X X X Credit
    Risk X X X X X Credit
    Spread Risk X X X X X Debt
    Securities Risk -- -- -- X X Defaulted
    and Distressed Securities Risk -- -- X X X Deflation
    Risk X X X X X Derivatives
    Risk X X X X X Distressed
    Securities Risk X X -- -- -- Duration
    Risk X X X X X Economic
    Sector Risk X X X X X Financial
    Futures and Options Risk X X X X X Hedging
    Risk X X X X X Illiquid
    Investments Risk X X X X X Income
    Risk X X X X X Inflation
    Risk X X X X X Insurance
    Risk X X X X X Interest
    Rate Risk X X X X X Inverse
    Floating Rate Securities Risk X X X X X London
    Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) Replacement Risk X X X X X Municipal
    Securities Market Liquidity Risk X X X X X Municipal
    Securities Market Risk X X X X X Other
    Investment Companies Risk X X X X X Puerto
    Rico Municipal Securities Market Risk X X X X X Reinvestment
    Risk X X X X X Sector
    and Industry Risk X X X X X Sector
    Focus Risk X X X X X Special
    Risks Related to Certain Municipal Obligations X X X X X Swap
    Transactions Risk X X X X X Tax
    Risk X X X X X Taxability
    Risk X X X X X Tobacco
    Settlement Bond Risk X X X X X Unrated
    Securities Risk X X X X X Valuation
    Risk X X X X X Zero
    Coupon Bonds Risk X X X X X 220 Table of Contents Nuveen
    Municipal Nuveen
    Dynamic Nuveen
    AMT-Free Nuveen
    Municipal Nuveen
    Municipal Credit Municipal Municipal
    Credit Credit
    Income High
    Income Opportunities Opportunities Income
    Fund Fund Opportunity
    Fund Fund Fund Risk (NVG) (NZF) (NMZ) (NMCO) (NDMO) Fund
    Level and Other Risks Anti-Takeover
    Provisions X X X X X Borrowing
    Risk -- -- -- -- X Counterparty
    Risk X X X X X Cybersecurity
    Risk X X X X X Economic
    and Political Events Risk X X X X X Global
    Economic Risk X X X X X Investment
    and Market Risk X X X X X Legislation
    and Regulatory Risk X X X X X Leverage
    Risk X X X X X Limited
    Term and Tender Offer Risks -- -- -- X X Market
    Discount from Net Asset Value X X X X X Recent
    Market Conditions X X X X X Reverse
    Repurchase Agreement Risk X X X X X Portfolio Level Risks: Alternative Minimum Tax Risk. The Fund may invest in
AMT Bonds. Therefore, a portion of the Fund’s otherwise exempt-interest dividends may be taxable to those shareholders subject to
the federal alternative minimum tax. Below Investment Grade Risk. Municipal securities of
below investment grade quality are regarded as having speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer’s capacity to pay interest
and repay principal, and may be subject to higher price volatility and default risk than investment grade municipal securities of comparable
terms and duration. Issuers of lower grade municipal securities may be highly leveraged and may not have available to them more traditional
methods of financing. The prices of these lower grade securities are typically more sensitive to negative developments, such as a decline
in the issuer’s revenues or a general economic downturn. The secondary market for lower rated municipal securities may not be as
liquid as the secondary market for more highly rated municipal securities, a factor which may have an adverse effect on the Fund’s
ability to dispose of a particular municipal security. If a below investment grade municipal security goes into default, or its issuer
enters bankruptcy, it might be difficult to sell that security in a timely manner at a reasonable price. Call Risk. The Fund may invest in municipal securities
that are subject to call risk. Such municipal securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, or “called,” before
their stated maturity or redemption date. In general, an issuer will call its instruments if they can be refinanced by issuing new instruments
that bear a lower interest rate. The Fund is subject to the possibility that during periods of falling interest rates, an issuer will
call its high yielding municipal securities. The Fund would then be forced to invest the unanticipated proceeds at lower interest rates,
resulting in a decline in the Fund’s income. Credit Risk. Issuers of municipal securities in which
the Fund may invest may default on their obligations to pay principal or interest when due. This non-payment would result in a reduction
of income to the Fund, a reduction in the value of a municipal security experiencing non-payment and potentially a decrease in the net
asset value (“NAV”) of the Fund. To the extent that the credit rating assigned to a municipal security in the Fund’s
portfolio is downgraded, the market price and liquidity of such security may be adversely affected. Credit Spread Risk. Credit spread risk is the risk that
credit spreads (i.e., the difference in yield between securities that is due to differences in their credit quality) may increase when
the market believes that municipal securities generally have a greater risk of default. Increasing credit spreads may reduce the market
values of the Fund’s securities. Credit spreads often increase more for lower rated and unrated securities than for investment grade
securities. In addition, when credit spreads increase, reductions in market value will generally be greater for longer-maturity securities. Debt Securities Risk. Issuers of debt instruments in
which the Fund may invest may default on their obligations to pay principal or interest when due. This non-payment would result in a reduction
of income to the Fund, a reduction in the value of a debt instrument experiencing non-payment and, potentially, a decrease in the NAV
of the Fund. There can be no assurance that liquidation of collateral would satisfy the issuer’s obligation in the event of non-payment
of scheduled interest or principal or that such collateral could be readily liquidated. In the event of bankruptcy of an issuer, the Fund
could experience delays or limitations with respect to its ability to realize the benefits of any collateral securing a security. To the
extent that the credit rating assigned to a security in the Fund’s portfolio is downgraded, the market price and liquidity of such
security may be adversely affected. 221 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) Defaulted and Distressed Securities Risk. The Fund may
invest in securities of an issuer that is in default or that is in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings at the time of purchase. In addition,
the Fund may hold investments that at the time of purchase are not in default or involved in bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, but
may later become so. Moreover, the Fund may invest in low-rated securities that, although not in default, may be “distressed,”
meaning that the issuer is experiencing financial difficulties or distress at the time of acquisition. Such securities would present a
substantial risk of future default which may cause the Fund to incur losses, including additional expenses, to the extent it is required
to seek recovery upon a default in the payment of principal or interest on those securities. In any reorganization or liquidation proceeding
relating to a portfolio security, the Fund may lose its entire investment or may be required to accept cash or securities with a value
less than its original investment. Defaulted or distressed securities may be subject to restrictions on resale. Deflation Risk. Deflation risk is the risk that prices
throughout the economy decline over time. Deflation may have an adverse effect on the creditworthiness of issuers and may make issuer
default more likely, which may result in a decline in the value of the Fund’s portfolio. Derivatives Risk. The use of derivatives involves additional
risks and transaction costs which could leave the Fund in a worse position than if it had not used these instruments. Derivative instruments
can be used to acquire or to transfer the risk and returns of a municipal security or other asset without buying or selling the municipal
security or asset. These instruments may entail investment exposures that are greater than their cost would suggest. As a result, a small
investment in derivatives can result in losses that greatly exceed the original investment. Derivatives can be highly volatile, illiquid
and difficult to value. An over-the-counter derivative transaction between the Fund and a counterparty that is not cleared through a central
counterparty also involves the risk that a loss may be sustained as a result of the failure of the counterparty to the contract to make
required payments. The payment obligation for a cleared derivative transaction is guaranteed by a central counterparty, which exposes
the Fund to the creditworthiness of the central counterparty. It is possible that developments in the derivatives market, including
changes in government regulation, could adversely impact the Fund’s ability to invest in certain derivatives. Distressed Securities Risk. The Fund may invest in low-rated
securities or securities unrated but judged by the sub-adviser to be of comparable quality. Some or many of these low-rated securities,
although not in default, may be “distressed,” meaning that the issuer is experiencing financial difficulties or distress at
the time of acquisition. Such securities would present a substantial risk of future default which may cause the Fund to incur losses,
including additional expenses, to the extent it is required to seek recovery upon a default in the payment of principal or interest on
those securities. In any reorganization or liquidation proceeding relating to a portfolio security, the Fund may lose its entire investment
or may be required to accept cash or securities with a value less than its original investment. Distressed securities may be subject to
restrictions on resale. Duration Risk. Duration is the sensitivity, expressed
in years, of the price of a fixed-income security to changes in the general level of interest rates (or yields). Securities with longer
durations tend to be more sensitive to interest rate (or yield) changes, which typically corresponds to increased volatility and risk,
than securities with shorter durations. For example, if a security or portfolio has a duration of three years and interest rates increase
by 1%, then the security or portfolio would decline in value by approximately 3%. Duration differs from maturity in that it considers
potential changes to interest rates, and a security’s coupon payments, yield, price and par value and call features, in addition
to the amount of time until the security matures. The duration of a security will be expected to change over time with changes in market
factors and time to maturity. Economic Sector Risk. The Fund may invest a significant
amount of its total assets in municipal securities in the same economic sector. This may make the Fund more susceptible to adverse economic,
political or regulatory occurrences affecting an economic sector. As concentration increases, so does the potential for fluctuation in
the value of the Fund’s assets. In addition, the Fund may invest a significant portion of its assets in certain sectors of the municipal
securities market, such as health care facilities, private educational facilities, special taxing districts and start-up utility districts,
and private activity bonds including industrial development bonds on behalf of transportation companies, whose credit quality and performance
may be more susceptible to economic, business, political, regulatory and other developments than other sectors of municipal issuers. If
the Fund invests a significant portion of its assets in the sectors noted above, the Fund’s performance may be subject to additional
risk and variability. Financial Futures and Options Transactions Risk. The
Fund may use certain transactions for hedging the portfolio’s exposure to credit risk and the risk of increases in interest rates,
which could result in poorer overall performance for the Fund. There may be an imperfect correlation between price movements of the futures
and options and price movements of the portfolio securities being hedged. If the Fund engages in futures transactions or in the writing of
options on futures, it will be required to maintain initial margin and maintenance margin and may be required to make daily variation
margin payments in accordance with applicable rules of the exchanges and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”).
If the Fund purchases a financial futures contract or a call option or writes a put option in order to hedge the anticipated purchase
of municipal securities, and if the Fund fails to complete the anticipated purchase transaction, the Fund may have a loss or a gain on
the futures or options transaction that will not be offset by price movements in the municipal securities that were the subject of the
anticipatory hedge. There can be no assurance that a liquid market will exist at a time when the Fund seeks to close out a derivatives
or futures or a futures option position, and the Fund would remain obligated to meet margin requirements until the position is closed. Hedging Risk. The Fund’s use of derivatives or
other transactions to reduce risk involves costs and will be subject to the investment adviser’s and/or the sub-adviser’s
ability to predict correctly changes in the relationships of such hedge instruments to the Fund’s portfolio holdings or other factors.
No 222 Table of Contents assurance can be given that the investment adviser’s and/or
the sub-adviser’s judgment in this respect will be correct, and no assurance can be given that the Fund will enter into hedging
or other transactions at times or under circumstances in which it may be advisable to do so. Hedging activities may reduce the Fund’s
opportunities for gain by offsetting the positive effects of favorable price movements and may result in net losses. Illiquid Investments Risk. Illiquid investments are
investments that are not readily marketable and may include restricted securities, which are securities that may not be resold unless
they have been registered under the 1933 Act or that can be sold in a private transaction pursuant to an available exemption from such
registration. Illiquid investments involve the risk that the investments will not be able to be sold at the time desired by the Fund or
at prices approximating the value at which the Fund is carrying the investments on its books from time to time. Income Risk. The Fund’s income could decline due
to falling market interest rates. This is because, in a falling interest rate environment, the Fund generally will have to invest the
proceeds from maturing portfolio securities in lower-yielding securities. Inflation Risk. Inflation risk is the risk that the
value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. As inflation increases,
the real value of the common shares and distributions can decline. Insurance Risk. The Fund may purchase municipal securities
that are secured by insurance, bank credit agreements or escrow accounts. The credit quality of the companies that provide such credit
enhancements will affect the value of those securities. Certain significant providers of insurance for municipal securities have incurred
significant losses as a result of exposure to sub-prime mortgages and other lower credit quality investments. As a result, such losses
reduced the insurers’ capital and called into question their continued ability to perform their obligations under such insurance
if they are called upon to do so in the future. While an insured municipal security will typically be deemed to have the rating of its
insurer, if the insurer of a municipal security suffers a downgrade in its credit rating or the market discounts the value of the insurance
provided by the insurer, the value of the municipal security would more closely, if not entirely, reflect such rating. In such a case,
the value of insurance associated with a municipal security may not add any value. The insurance feature of a municipal security does
not guarantee the full payment of principal and interest through the life of an insured obligation, the market value of the insured obligation
or the NAV of the common shares represented by such insured obligation. Interest Rate Risk. Interest rate risk is the risk that
municipal securities in the Fund’s portfolio will decline in value because of changes in market interest rates. Generally, when
market interest rates rise, the market value of such securities will fall, and vice versa. As interest rates decline, issuers of municipal
securities may prepay principal earlier than scheduled, forcing the Fund to reinvest in lower-yielding securities and potentially reducing
the Fund’s income. As interest rates increase, slower than expected principal payments may extend the average life of municipal
securities, potentially locking in a below-market interest rate and reducing the Fund’s value. In typical market interest rate environments,
the prices of longer-term municipal securities generally fluctuate more than prices of shorter-term municipal securities as interest rates
change. Inverse Floating Rate Securities Risk. The Fund may
invest in inverse floating rate securities. In general, income on inverse floating rate securities will decrease when short-term interest
rates increase and increase when short-term interest rates decrease. Investments in inverse floating rate securities may subject the Fund
to the risks of reduced or eliminated interest payments and losses of principal. In addition, inverse floating rate securities may increase
or decrease in value at a greater rate than the underlying interest rate, which effectively leverages the Fund’s investment. As
a result, the market value of such securities generally will be more volatile than that of fixed rate securities. The Fund may invest in inverse floating rate securities issued by
special purpose trusts that have recourse to the Fund. In such instances, the Fund may be at risk of loss that exceeds its investment
in the inverse floating rate securities. The Fund may be required to sell its inverse floating rate securities
at less than favorable prices, or liquidate other Fund portfolio holdings in certain circumstances, including, but not limited to, the
following: • If the Fund has a need for cash and the securities in a special purpose trust are not actively
trading due to adverse market conditions; • If special purpose trust sponsors (as a collective group or individually) experience financial
hardship and consequently seek to terminate their respective outstanding special purpose trusts; and • If the value of an underlying security declines significantly and if additional collateral
has not been posted by the Fund. London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) Replacement
Risk. The use of LIBOR will begin to be phased out in the near future, which may adversely affect the Fund’s investments
whose value is tied to LIBOR. There remains uncertainty regarding the future use of LIBOR and the nature of any replacement reference
rate. Actions by regulators have resulted in the establishment of alternative reference rates to LIBOR in most major currencies and markets
are slowly developing in response to these new rates. The transition process away from LIBOR may involve, among other things, increased
volatility in markets for instruments that currently rely on LIBOR. The potential effect of a discontinuation of LIBOR on the Fund’s
investments will vary depending on, among other things: (1) existing fallback provisions that provide a replacement reference rate if
LIBOR is no longer available; (2) termination provisions in individual contracts; and (3) whether, how, and when industry participants
develop and adopt new reference rates and fallbacks for both legacy and new products and instruments held by the Fund. Accordingly, it
is difficult to predict the full impact of the transition away from LIBOR until it is clearer how the Fund’s products an instruments
will be impacted by this transition. 223 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) Municipal Securities Market Liquidity Risk. Inventories
of municipal securities held by brokers and dealers have decreased in recent years, lessening their ability to make a market in these
securities. This reduction in market making capacity has the potential to decrease the Fund’s ability to buy or sell municipal securities
at attractive prices, and increase municipal security price volatility and trading costs, particularly during periods of economic or market
stress. In addition, recent federal banking regulations may cause certain dealers to reduce their inventories of municipal securities,
which may further decrease the Fund’s ability to buy or sell municipal securities. As a result, the Fund may be forced to accept
a lower price to sell a security, to sell other securities to raise cash, or to give up an investment opportunity, any of which could
have a negative effect on performance. If the Fund needed to sell large blocks of municipal securities to raise cash to meet its obligations,
those sales could further reduce the municipal securities’ prices and hurt performance. Municipal Securities Market Risk. The amount of public
information available about the municipal securities in the Fund’s portfolio is generally less than that for corporate equities
or bonds, and the investment performance of the Fund may therefore be more dependent on the analytical abilities of the sub-adviser than
if the Fund were a stock fund or taxable bond fund. The secondary market for municipal securities, particularly below investment grade
municipal securities, also tends to be less well-developed or liquid than many other securities markets, which may adversely affect the
Fund’s ability to sell its municipal securities at attractive prices. Other Investment Companies Risk. The Fund may invest
in the securities of other investment companies, including ETFs. Investing in an investment company exposes the Fund to all of the risks
of that investment company’s investments. The Fund, as a holder of the securities of other investment companies, will bear its pro
rata portion of the other investment companies’ expenses, including advisory fees. These expenses are in addition to the direct
expenses of the Fund’s own operations. As a result, the cost of investing in investment company shares may exceed the costs of investing
directly in its underlying investments. In addition, securities of other investment companies may be leveraged. As a result, the Fund
may be indirectly exposed to leverage through an investment in such securities and therefore magnify the Fund’s leverage risk. With respect to ETF’s, an ETF that is based on a specific
index may not be able to replicate and maintain exactly the composition and relative weighting of securities in the index. The value of
an ETF based on a specific index is subject to change as the values of its respective component assets fluctuate according to market volatility.
ETFs typically rely on a limited pool of authorized participants to create and redeem shares, and an active trading market for ETF shares
may not develop or be maintained. The market value of shares of ETFs and closed-end funds may differ from their NAV. Puerto Rico Municipal Securities Market Risk. To the
extent that the Fund invests a significant portion of its assets in the securities issued by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or its political
subdivisions, agencies, instrumentalities, or public corporations (collectively referred to as “Puerto Rico” or the “Commonwealth”),
it will be disproportionally affected by political, social and economic conditions and developments in the Commonwealth. In addition,
economic, political or regulatory changes in that territory could adversely affect the value of the Fund’s investment portfolio. Puerto Rico currently is experiencing significant fiscal and economic
challenges, including substantial debt service obligations, high levels of unemployment, underfunded public retirement systems, and persistent
government budget deficits. These challenges may negatively affect the value of the Fund’s investments in Puerto Rican municipal
securities. Several major ratings agencies have downgraded the general obligation debt of Puerto Rico to below investment grade and continue
to maintain a negative outlook for this debt, which increases the likelihood that the rating will be lowered further. Puerto Rico recently
defaulted on its debt by failing to make full payment due on its outstanding bonds, and there can be no assurance that Puerto Rico will
be able to satisfy its future debt obligations. Further downgrades or defaults may place additional strain on the Puerto Rico economy
and may negatively affect the value, liquidity, and volatility of the Fund’s investments in Puerto Rican municipal securities. Additionally,
numerous issuers have entered Title III of the Puerto Rico Oversite, Management and Economic Stability Act (“PROMESA”), which
is similar to bankruptcy protection, through which the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico can restructure its debt. However, Puerto Rico’s
case is the first ever heard under PROMESA and there is no existing case precedent to guide the proceedings. Accordingly, Puerto Rico’s
debt restructuring process could take significantly longer than traditional municipal bankruptcy proceedings. Further, it is not clear
whether a debt restructuring process will ultimately be approved or, if so, the extent to which it will apply to Puerto Rico municipal
securities sold by an issuer other than the territory. A debt restructuring could reduce the principal amount due, the interest rate,
the maturity, and other terms of Puerto Rico municipal securities, which could adversely affect the value of Puerto Rican municipal securities.
Legislation that would allow Puerto Rico to restructure its municipal debt obligations, thus increasing the risk that Puerto Rico may
never pay off municipal indebtedness, or may pay only a small fraction of the amount owed, could also impact the value of the Fund’s
investments in Puerto Rican municipal securities. These challenges and uncertainties have been exacerbated by multiple
hurricanes and the resulting natural disasters that have stuck Puerto Rico since 2017. The full extent of the natural disasters’
impact on Puerto Rico’s economy and foreign investment in Puerto Rico is difficult to estimate. Reinvestment Risk. Reinvestment risk is the risk that
income from the Fund’s portfolio will decline if and when the Fund invests the proceeds from matured, traded or called municipal
securities at market interest rates that are below the portfolio’s current earnings rate. A decline in income could affect the common
shares’ market price, NAV and/or a common shareholder’s overall returns. Sector and Industry Risk. Subject to the concentration
limits of the Fund’s investment policies and guidelines, a Fund may invest a significant portion of its net assets in certain sectors
of the municipal securities market, such as hospitals and other health care facilities, charter schools and other private educational
facilities, special taxing districts and start-up utility districts, and private activity bonds including industrial development bonds
on behalf of 224 Table of Contents transportation companies such as airline companies, whose credit
quality and performance may be more susceptible to economic, business, political, regulatory and other developments than other sectors
of municipal issuers. If the Fund invests a significant portion of its net assets in the sectors noted above, the Fund’s performance
may be subject to additional risk and variability. Sector Focus Risk. At times, the Fund may focus its
investments (i.e., overweight its investments relative to the overall municipal securities market) in one or more particular sectors,
which may subject the Fund to additional risk and variability. Securities issued in the same sector may be similarly affected by economic
or market events, making the Fund more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in that sector than funds that invest more broadly. As the
percentage of the Fund’s Managed Assets invested in a particular sector increases, so does the potential for fluctuation in the
NAV of the Fund’s common shares. Special Risks Related to Certain Municipal Obligations. Municipal
leases and certificates of participation involve special risks not normally associated with general obligations or revenue bonds. Leases
and installment purchase or conditional sale contracts (which normally provide for title to the leased asset to pass eventually to the
governmental issuer) have evolved as a means for governmental issuers to acquire property and equipment without meeting the constitutional
and statutory requirements for the issuance of debt. The debt issuance limitations are deemed to be inapplicable because of the inclusion
in many leases or contracts of “non-appropriation” clauses that relieve the governmental issuer of any obligation to make
future payments under the lease or contract unless money is appropriated for such purpose by the appropriate legislative body. In addition,
such leases or contracts may be subject to the temporary abatement of payments in the event that the governmental issuer is prevented
from maintaining occupancy of the leased premises or utilizing the leased equipment. Although the obligations may be secured by the leased
equipment or facilities, the disposition of the property in the event of non-appropriation or foreclosure might prove difficult, time
consuming and costly, and may result in a delay in recovering or the failure to fully recover the Fund’s original investment. In
the event of non-appropriation, the issuer would be in default and taking ownership of the assets may be a remedy available to the Fund,
although the Fund does not anticipate that such a remedy would normally be pursued. Certificates of participation involve the same risks as the underlying
municipal leases. In addition, the Fund may be dependent upon the municipal authority issuing the certificates of participation to exercise
remedies with respect to the underlying securities. Certificates of participation also entail a risk of default or bankruptcy, both of
the issuer of the municipal lease and also the municipal agency issuing the certificate of participation. Swap Transactions Risk. The Fund may enter into debt-related
derivative instruments such as credit default swap contracts and interest rate swaps. Like most derivative instruments, the use of swaps
is a highly specialized activity that involves investment techniques and risks different from those associated with ordinary portfolio
securities transactions. In addition, the use of swaps requires an understanding by the adviser and/or the sub-adviser of not only the
referenced asset, rate or index, but also of the swap itself. If the investment adviser and/or the sub-adviser is incorrect in its forecasts
of default risks, market spreads or other applicable factors or events, the investment performance of the Fund would diminish compared
with what it would have been if these techniques were not used. Tax Risk. The value of the Fund’s investments
and its NAV may be adversely affected by changes in tax rates, rules and policies. Because interest income from municipal securities is
normally not subject to regular federal income taxation, the attractiveness of municipal securities in relation to other investment alternatives
is affected by changes in federal income tax rates or changes in the tax exempt status of interest income from municipal securities. Additionally,
the Fund is not a suitable investment for individual retirement accounts, for other tax exempt or tax-deferred accounts, for investors
who are not sensitive to the federal income tax consequences of their investments. Taxability Risk. The Fund will invest in municipal securities
in reliance at the time of purchase on an opinion of bond counsel to the issuer that the interest paid on those securities will be excludable
from gross income for regular federal income tax purposes, and the sub-adviser will not independently verify that opinion. Subsequent
to the Fund’s acquisition of such a municipal security, however, the security may be determined to pay, or to have paid, taxable
income. As a result, the treatment of dividends previously paid or to be paid by the Fund as “exempt-interest dividends” could
be adversely affected, subjecting the Fund’s shareholders to increased federal income tax liabilities. Certain other investments
made by the Fund, including derivatives transactions, may result in the receipt of taxable income or gains by the Fund. Tobacco Settlement Bond Risk. The Fund may invest in
tobacco settlement bonds. Tobacco settlement bonds are municipal securities that are backed solely by expected revenues to be derived
from lawsuits involving tobacco related deaths and illnesses which were settled between certain states and American tobacco companies.
Tobacco settlement bonds are secured by an issuing state’s proportionate share in the Master Settlement Agreement, an agreement
between 46 states and nearly all of the U.S. tobacco manufacturers (the “MSA”). Under the terms of the MSA, the actual amount
of future settlement payments by tobacco-manufacturers is dependent on many factors, including, among other things, reduced cigarette
consumption. Payments made by tobacco manufacturers could be negatively impacted if the decrease in tobacco consumption is significantly
greater than the forecasted decline. Unrated Securities Risk. The Fund may purchase securities
that are not rated by any rating organization. The investment adviser may, after assessing such securities’ credit quality, internally
assign ratings to certain of those securities in categories similar to those of rating organizations. Some unrated securities may not
have an active trading market or may be difficult to value, which means the Fund might have difficulty selling them promptly at an acceptable
price. To the extent that the Fund invests in unrated securities, the Fund’s ability to achieve its investment objectives will be
more dependent on the investment adviser’s credit analysis than would be the case when the Fund invests in rated securities. 225 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) Valuation Risk. The municipal securities in which the
Fund invests typically are valued by a pricing service utilizing a range of market-based inputs and assumptions, including readily available
market quotations obtained from broker-dealers making markets in such instruments, cash flows and transactions for comparable instruments.
There is no assurance that the Fund will be able to sell a portfolio security at the price established by the pricing service, which could
result in a loss to the Fund. Pricing services generally price municipal securities assuming orderly transactions of an institutional
“round lot” size, but some trades may occur in smaller, “odd lot” sizes, often at lower prices than institutional
round lot trades. Different pricing services may incorporate different assumptions and inputs into their valuation methodologies, potentially
resulting in different values for the same securities. As a result, if the Fund were to change pricing services, or if the Fund’s
pricing service were to change its valuation methodology, there could be a material impact, either positive or negative, on the Fund’s
NAV. Zero Coupon Bonds Risk. Because interest on zero coupon
bonds is not paid on a current basis, the values of zero coupon bonds will be more volatile in response to interest rate changes than
the values of bonds that distribute income regularly. Although zero coupon bonds generate income for accounting purposes, they do not
produce cash flow, and thus the Fund could be forced to liquidate securities at an inopportune time in order to generate cash to distribute
to shareholders as required by tax laws. Fund Level and Other Risks: Anti-Takeover Provisions. The Fund’s organizational
documents include provisions that could limit the ability of other entities or persons to acquire control of the Fund or convert the Fund
to open-end status. These provisions could have the effect of depriving the common shareholders of opportunities to sell their common
shares at a premium over the then-current market price of the common shares. Borrowing Risk. In addition to borrowing for leverage,
the Fund may borrow for temporary or emergency purposes, to pay dividends, repurchase its shares, or clear portfolio transactions. Borrowing
may exaggerate changes in the NAV of the Fund’s shares and may affect the Fund’s net income. When the Fund borrows money,
it must pay interest and other fees, which will reduce the Fund’s returns if such costs exceed the returns on the portfolio securities
purchased or retained with such borrowings. Any such borrowings are intended to be temporary. However, under certain market circumstances,
such borrowings might be outstanding for longer periods of time. Counterparty Risk. Changes in the credit quality of
the companies that serve as the Fund’s counterparties with respect to derivatives or other transactions supported by another party’s
credit will affect the value of those instruments. Certain entities that have served as counterparties in the markets for these transactions
have incurred or may incur in the future significant financial hardships including bankruptcy and losses as a result of exposure to sub-prime
mortgages and other lower-quality credit investments. As a result, such hardships have reduced these entities’ capital and called
into question their continued ability to perform their obligations under such transactions. By using such derivatives or other transactions,
the Fund assumes the risk that its counterparties could experience similar financial hardships. In the event of the insolvency of a counterparty,
the Fund may sustain losses or be unable to liquidate a derivatives position. Cybersecurity Risk. The Fund and its service providers
are susceptible to operational and information security risk resulting from cyber incidents. Cyber incidents refer to both intentional
attacks and unintentional events including: processing errors, human errors, technical errors including computer glitches and system malfunctions,
inadequate or failed internal or external processes, market-wide technical-related disruptions, unauthorized access to digital systems
(through “hacking” or malicious software coding), computer viruses, and cyber-attacks which shut down, disable, slow or otherwise
disrupt operations, business processes or website access or functionality (including denial of service attacks). Cyber incidents could
adversely impact the Fund and cause the Fund to incur financial loss and expense, as well as face exposure to regulatory penalties, reputational
damage, and additional compliance costs associated with corrective measures. In addition, substantial costs may be incurred in order to
prevent any cyber incidents in the future. Furthermore, the Fund cannot control the cybersecurity plans and systems put in place by its
service providers or any other third parties whose operations may affect the Fund. Economic and Political Events Risk. The Fund may be
more sensitive to adverse economic, business or political developments if it invests a substantial portion of its assets in the municipal
securities of similar projects (such as those relating to the education, health care, housing, transportation, or utilities industries),
industrial development bonds, or in particular types of municipal securities (such as general obligation bonds, private activity bonds
or moral obligation bonds). Such developments may adversely affect a specific industry or local political and economic conditions, and
thus may lead to declines in the creditworthiness and value of such municipal securities. Global Economic Risk. National and regional economies
and financial markets are becoming increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities that conditions in one country, region
or market might adversely impact issuers in a different country, region or market. Changes in legal, political, regulatory, tax and economic
conditions may cause fluctuations in markets and securities prices around the world, which could negatively impact the value of the Fund’s
investments. Major economic or political disruptions, particularly in large economies like China’s, may have global negative economic
and market repercussions. Additionally, events such as war, terrorism, natural and environmental disasters and the spread of infectious
illnesses or other public health emergencies may adversely affect the global economy and the markets and issuers in which the Fund invests.
Recent examples of such events include the outbreak of a novel coronavirus known as COVID-19 that was first detected in China in December
2019 and heightened concerns regarding North Korea’s nuclear weapons and long-range ballistic missile programs. These events could
reduce consumer demand or economic output, result in market closure, travel restrictions or quarantines, and generally have a significant
impact on the economy. These 226 Table of Contents events could also impair the information technology and other operational
systems upon which the Fund’s service providers, including the investment adviser and sub-adviser, rely, and could otherwise disrupt
the ability of employees of the Fund’s service providers to perform essential tasks on behalf of the Fund. Governmental and quasi-governmental
authorities and regulators throughout the world have in the past responded to major economic disruptions with a variety of significant
fiscal and monetary policy changes, including but not limited to, direct capital infusions into companies, new monetary programs and dramatically
lower interest rates. An unexpected or quick reversal of these policies, or the ineffectiveness of these policies, could increase volatility
in securities markets, which could adversely affect the Fund’s investments. Investment and Market Risk. An investment in common
shares is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount that you invest. Common shares frequently
trade at a discount to their NAV. An investment in common shares represents an indirect investment in the securities owned by the Fund.
Common shares at any point in time may be worth less than your original investment, even after taking into account the reinvestment of
Fund dividends and distributions. Legislation and Regulatory Risk. At any time after the
date of this report, legislation or additional regulations may be enacted that could negatively affect the assets of the Fund, securities
held by the Fund or the issuers of such securities. Fund shareholders may incur increased costs resulting from such legislation or additional
regulation. There can be no assurance that future legislation, regulation or deregulation will not have a material adverse effect on the
Fund or will not impair the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. The SEC’s recently adopted new Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act
governing the use of derivatives by registered investment companies, which could affect the nature and extent of derivatives used by the
Fund. It is possible that the recently adopted Rule 18f-4 could limit the implementation of the Fund’s use of derivatives, which
could have an adverse impact on the Fund. Leverage Risk. The use of leverage creates special risks
for common shareholders, including potential interest rate risks and the likelihood of greater volatility of NAV and market price of,
and distributions on, the common shares. The use of leverage in a declining market will likely cause a greater decline in the Fund’s
NAV, which may result at a greater decline of the common share price, than if the Fund were not to have used leverage. The Fund will pay (and common shareholders will bear) any costs
and expenses relating to the Fund’s use of leverage, which will result in a reduction in the Fund’s NAV. The investment adviser
may, based on its assessment of market conditions and composition of the Fund’s holdings, increase or decrease the amount of leverage.
Such changes may impact the Fund’s distributions and the price of the common shares in the secondary market. The Fund may seek to refinance its leverage over time, in the ordinary
course, as current forms of leverage mature or it is otherwise desirable to refinance; however, the form that such leverage will take
cannot be predicted at this time. If the Fund is unable to replace existing leverage on comparable terms, its costs of leverage will increase.
Accordingly, there is no assurance that the use of leverage may result in a higher yield or return to common shareholders. The amount of fees paid to the investment adviser and the sub-advisor
for investment advisory services will be higher if the Fund uses leverage because the fees will be calculated based on the Fund’s
Managed Assets - this may create an incentive for the investment adviser and the sub-advisor to leverage the Fund or increase the Fund’s
leverage. Limited Term and Tender Offer Risks. Because the assets
of the Fund will be liquidated in connection with its termination or to pay for Common Shares tendered in an Eligible Tender Offer, the
Fund may be required to sell portfolio securities when it otherwise would not, including at times when market conditions are not favorable,
or at a time when a particular security is in default or bankruptcy, or otherwise in severe distress, which may cause the Fund to lose
money. The Fund may be required to dispose of portfolio investments in
connection with any reduction in its outstanding leverage necessary in order to maintain its desired leverage ratios following an Eligible
Tender Offer. It is likely that during the pendency of an Eligible Tender Offer, and possibly for a time thereafter, the Fund will hold
a greater than normal percentage of its total assets in money market mutual funds, cash, cash equivalents, securities issued or guaranteed
by the U.S. government or its instrumentalities or agencies, high quality, short-term money market instruments, short-term debt securities,
certificates of deposit, bankers’ acceptances and other bank obligations, commercial paper or other liquid debt securities, which
may adversely affect the Fund’s investment performance. If the tax basis for the portfolio investments sold is less than the sale
proceeds, the Fund will recognize capital gains, which it will be required to distribute to Common Shareholders. In addition, the Fund’s
purchase of tendered Common Shares pursuant to an Eligible Tender Offer will have tax consequences for tendering Common Shareholders and
may have tax consequences for non-tendering Common Shareholders. All Common Shareholders remaining after an Eligible Tender Offer will
be subject to proportionately higher expenses due to the reduction in the Fund’s total assets resulting from payment for the tendered
Common Shares. Such reduction in the Fund’s total assets also may result in less investment flexibility, reduced diversification
and greater volatility for the Fund, and may have an adverse effect on the Fund’s investment performance. If the Fund conducts an Eligible Tender Offer, there can be no assurance
that the number of tendered Common Shares would not result in the Fund’s net assets totaling less than the Termination Threshold,
in which case the Eligible Tender Offer will be terminated, no Common Shares will be repurchased pursuant to the Eligible Tender Offer
and the Fund will terminate on the Termination Date. The investment adviser may have a conflict of interest in recommending to the Board
of Trustees that the Fund have a continued existence without limitation of time. The Fund is not required to 227 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) conduct additional tender offers following an Eligible Tender Offer
and conversion to a continued existence without limitation of time. Therefore, remaining Common Shareholders may not have another opportunity
to participate in a tender offer. A Fund portfolio holding default may significantly reduce net investment
income and, therefore, Common Share dividends; and may prevent or inhibit the Fund from fully being able to liquidate its portfolio at
or prior to the Termination Date. Market Discount from Net Asset Value. Shares of closed-end
investment companies like the Fund frequently trade at prices lower than their NAV. This characteristic is a risk separate and distinct
from the risk that the Fund’s NAV could decrease as a result of investment activities. Whether investors will realize gains or losses
upon the sale of the common shares will depend not upon the Fund’s NAV but entirely upon whether the market price of the common
shares at the time of sale is above or below the investor’s purchase price for the common shares. Furthermore, management may have
difficulty meeting the Fund’s investment objectives and managing its portfolio when the underlying securities are redeemed or sold
during periods of market turmoil and as investors’ perceptions regarding closed-end funds or their underlying investments change.
Because the market price of the common shares will be determined by factors such as relative supply of and demand for the common shares
in the market, general market and economic circumstances, and other factors beyond the control of the Fund, the Fund cannot predict whether
the common shares will trade at, below or above NAV. The common shares are designed primarily for long-term investors, and you should
not view the Fund as a vehicle for short-term trading purposes. Recent Market Conditions. In response to the financial
crisis and recent market events, policy and legislative changes by the United States government and the Federal Reserve to assist in the
ongoing support of financial markets, both domestically and in other countries, are changing many aspects of financial regulation. The
impact of these changes on the markets, and the practical implications for market participants, may not be fully known for some time.
Withdrawal of government support, failure of efforts in response to the crisis, or investor perception that such efforts are not succeeding,
could adversely impact the value and liquidity of certain securities. The severity or duration of adverse economic conditions may also
be affected by policy changes made by governments or quasi-governmental organizations, including changes in tax laws and the imposition
of trade barriers. The impact of new financial regulation legislation on the markets and the practical implications for market participants
may not be fully known for some time. Changes to the Federal Reserve policy may affect the value, volatility and liquidity of dividend
and interest paying securities. In addition, the contentious domestic political environment, as well as political and diplomatic events
within the United States and abroad, such as the U.S. government’s inability at times to agree on a long-term budget and deficit
reduction plan, the threat of a federal government shutdown and threats not to increase the federal government’s debt limit, may
affect investor and consumer confidence and may adversely impact financial markets and the broader economy, perhaps suddenly and to a
significant degree. Interest rates have been unusually low in recent years in the United
States and abroad but there is consensus that interest rates will increase during the life of the Fund, which could negatively impact
the price of debt securities. Because there is little precedent for this situation, it is difficult to predict the impact of a significant
rate increase on various markets. The current political climate has intensified concerns about a potential
trade war between China and the United States, as each country has recently imposed tariffs on the other country’s products. These
actions may trigger a significant reduction in international trade, the oversupply of certain manufactured goods, substantial price reductions
of goods and possible failure of individual companies and/or large segments of China’s export industry, which could have a negative
impact on the Fund’s performance. The impact of these developments in the near- and long-term is unknown
and could have additional adverse effects on economies, financial markets and asset valuations around the world. Reverse Repurchase Agreement Risk. A reverse repurchase
agreement, in economic essence, constitutes a securitized borrowing by the Fund from the security purchaser. The Fund may enter into reverse
repurchase agreements for the purpose of creating a leveraged investment exposure and, as such, their usage involves essentially the same
risks associated with a leveraging strategy generally since the proceeds from these agreements may be invested in additional portfolio
securities. Reverse repurchase agreements tend to be short-term in tenor, and there can be no assurances that the purchaser (lender) will
commit to extend or “roll” a given agreement upon its agreed-upon repurchase date or an alternative purchaser can be identified
on similar terms. Reverse repurchase agreements also involve the risk that the purchaser fails to return the securities as agreed upon,
files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent. The Fund may be restricted from taking normal portfolio actions during such time, could be
subject to loss to the extent that the proceeds of the agreement are less than the value of securities subject to the agreement and may
experience adverse tax consequences. 228 Table of Contents EFFECTS OF LEVERAGE The following table is furnished in response to requirements of
the SEC. It is designed to illustrate the effects of leverage through the use of senior securities, as that term is defined under Section
18 of the 1940 Act, as well as certain other forms of leverage, such as reverse repurchase agreements and investments in inverse floating
rate securities, on common share total return, assuming investment portfolio total returns (consisting of income and changes in the value
of investments held in a Fund’s portfolio) of -10%, -5%, 0%, 5% and 10%. The table below reflects each Fund’s (i) continued
use of leverage as of October 31, 2021 as a percentage of Managed Assets (including assets attributable to such leverage), (ii) the estimated
annual effective interest expense rate payable by the Funds on such instruments (based on actual leverage costs incurred during the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2021) as set forth in the table, and (iii) the annual return that the Fund’s portfolio must experience (net
of expenses) in order to cover such costs of leverage based on such estimated annual effective interest expense rate. The information
below does not reflect any Fund’s use of certain derivative instruments. The numbers are merely estimates, used for illustration. The costs
of leverage may vary frequently and may be significantly higher or lower than the estimated rate. The assumed investment portfolio returns
in the table below are hypothetical figures and are not necessarily indicative of the investment portfolio returns experienced or expected
to be experienced by the Funds. Your actual returns may be greater or less than those appearing below. Nuveen
    Municipal Nuveen
    Dynamic Nuveen
    AMT-Free Nuveen
    Municipal Nuveen
    Municipal Credit Municipal Municipal
    Credit Credit
    Income High
    Income Opportunities Opportunities Income
    Fund Fund Opportunity
    Fund Fund Fund (NVG) (NZF) (NMZ) (NMCO) (NDMO) Estimated
    Leverage as a Percentage of Managed Assets (Including
    Assets Attributable to Leverage) 37.21% 36.50% 35.10% 36.60% 32.57% Estimated
    Annual Effective Leverage Expense Rate Payable by
    Fund on Leverage 0.92% 1.09% 0.75% 1.22% 0.90% Annual
    Return Fund Portfolio Must Experience (net of expenses) to
    Cover Estimated Annual Effective Interest Expense Rate on Leverage 0.34% 0.40% 0.26% 0.45% 0.29% Common
    Share Total Return for (10.00)% Assumed Portfolio Total
    Return -16.47% -16.37% -15.81% -16.48% -15.27% Common
    Share Total Return for (5.00)% Assumed Portfolio Total
    Return -8.51% -8.50% -8.11% -8.59% -7.85% Common
    Share Total Return for 0.00% Assumed Portfolio Total
    Return -0.54% -0.62% -0.41% -0.70% -0.44% Common
    Share Total Return for 5.00% Assumed Portfolio Total
    Return 7.42% 7.25% 7.30% 7.18% 6.98% Common
    Share Total Return for 10.00% Assumed Portfolio Total
    Return 15.38% 15.12% 15.00% 15.07% 14.39% Common Share total return is composed of two elements — the
distributions paid by the Fund to holders of common shares (the amount of which is largely determined by the net investment income of
the Fund after paying dividend payments on any preferred shares issued by the Fund and expenses on any forms of leverage outstanding)
and gains or losses on the value of the securities and other instruments the Fund owns. As required by SEC rules, the table assumes that
the Funds are more likely to suffer capital losses than to enjoy capital appreciation. For example, to assume a total return of 0%, the
Fund must assume that the income it receives on its investments is entirely offset by losses in the value of those investments. This table
reflects hypothetical performance of the Fund’s portfolio and not the actual performance of the Fund’s common shares, the
value of which is determined by market forces and other factors. Should the Fund elect to add additional leverage to its portfolio, any
benefits of such additional leverage cannot be fully achieved until the proceeds resulting from the use of such leverage have been received
by the Fund and invested in accordance with the Fund’s investment objectives and policies. As noted above, the Fund’s willingness
to use additional leverage, and the extent to which leverage is used at any time, will depend on many factors. 229 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) DIVIDEND
REINVESTMENT PLAN Nuveen Closed-End Funds Automatic Reinvestment Plan Your Nuveen Closed-End Fund allows you to conveniently reinvest
distributions in additional Fund shares. By choosing to reinvest, you’ll be able to invest money regularly and automatically, and
watch your investment grow through the power of compounding. Just like distributions in cash, there may be times when income or capital
gains taxes may be payable on distributions that are reinvested. It is important to note that an automatic reinvestment plan does not
ensure a profit, nor does it protect you against loss in a declining market. Easy and convenient To make recordkeeping easy and convenient, each month you’ll
receive a statement showing your total distributions, the date of investment, the shares acquired and the price per share, and the total
number of shares you own. How shares are purchased The shares you acquire by reinvesting will either be purchased on
the open market or newly issued by the Fund. If the shares are trading at or above NAV at the time of valuation, the Fund will issue new
shares at the greater of the NAV or 95% of the then-current market price. If the shares are trading at less than NAV, shares for your
account will be purchased on the open market. If Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (the “Plan Agent”) begins purchasing Fund
shares on the open market while shares are trading below NAV, but the Fund’s shares subsequently trade at or above their NAV before
the Plan Agent is able to complete its purchases, the Plan Agent may cease open-market purchases and may invest the uninvested portion
of the distribution in newly-issued Fund shares at a price equal to the greater of the shares’ NAV or 95% of the shares’ market
value on the last business day immediately prior to the purchase date. Distributions received to purchase shares in the open market will
normally be invested shortly after the distribution payment date. No interest will be paid on distributions awaiting reinvestment. Because
the market price of the shares may increase before purchases are completed, the average purchase price per share may exceed the market
price at the time of valuation, resulting in the acquisition of fewer shares than if the distribution had been paid in shares issued by
the Fund. A pro rata portion of any applicable brokerage commissions on open market purchases will be paid by Dividend Reinvestment Plan
(the “Plan”) participants. These commissions usually will be lower than those charged on individual transactions. Flexible You may change your distribution option or withdraw from the Plan
at any time, should your needs or situation change. You can reinvest whether your shares are registered in your name, or in the name of
a brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee. Ask your investment advisor if his or her firm will participate on your behalf. Participants
whose shares are registered in the name of one firm may not be able to transfer the shares to another firm and continue to participate
in the Plan. The Fund reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan at any time. Although the Fund reserves the right to amend the
Plan to include a service charge payable by the participants, there is no direct service charge to participants in the Plan at this time. Call today to start reinvesting distributions For more information on the Nuveen Automatic Reinvestment Plan or
to enroll in or withdraw from the Plan, speak with your financial professional or call us at (800) 257-8787. CHANGES OCCURRING DURING THE FISCAL YEAR The following information in this annual report is a summary
of certain changes during the most recent fiscal year. This information may not reflect all of the changes that have occurred since you
purchased shares of a Fund. During the most recent fiscal year, there have been no changes to:
(i) the Funds’ investment objectives and principal investment policies that have not been approved by shareholders, (ii) the principal
risks of the Fund, (iii) the portfolio managers of the Funds; (iv) a Fund’s charter or by-laws that would delay or prevent a change
of control of the Fund that have not been approved by shareholders. 230 Table of Contents UPDATED DISCLOSURES FOR FUNDS WITH AN EFFECTIVE SHELF OFFERING
REGISTRATION STATEMENT The following includes additional disclosures for the Funds in
this annual report with an effective shelf offering registration statement as of the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, and Nuveen AMT-Free
Municipal Credit Income Fund (NVG), which has an effective shelf offering registration statement subsequent to the fiscal year end. NUVEEN AMT-FREE MUNICIPAL CREDIT INCOME FUND
(NVG) NUVEEN MUNICIPAL HIGH INCOME OPPORTUNITY FUND (NMZ) NUVEEN MUNICIPAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND (NMCO) NUVEEN DYNAMIC MUNICIPAL OPPORTUNITIES
FUND (NDMO) SUMMARY OF FUND EXPENSES The purpose of the tables and the examples below are to help you
understand all fees and expenses that you, as a common shareholder, would bear directly or indirectly. The tables show the expenses of
the Fund as a percentage of the average net assets attributable to Common Shares and not as a percentage of total assets or managed assets. Nuveen
    Municipal Nuveen
    Dynamic Nuveen
    AMT-Free Nuveen
    Municipal Credit Municipal Municipal
    Credit High
    Income Opportunities Opportunities Income
    Fund Opportunity
    Fund Fund Fund Shareholder
    Transaction Expenses (NVG) (NMZ) (NMCO) (NDMO) Maximum
    Sales Charge (as a percentage of offering price) 1.00%
    (1) 4.00%
    (2) 4.00%
    (2) 1.00%
    (1) Dividend
    Reinvestment Plan Fees (3) $2.50 $2.50 $2.50 $2.50 (1) A maximum sales charge of 1.00% applies only to offerings made at-the-market. There is no
sales charge for offerings pursuant to an underwritten transaction or a private transaction. (2) A maximum sales charge of 4.00% applies only to offerings pursuant to a syndicated underwriting.
The maximum sales charge for offerings made at-the-market is 1.00%. There is no sales charge for offerings pursuant to a private transaction. (3) You will be charged a $2.50 service charge and pay brokerage charges if you direct Computershare
Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as agent for the common shareholders, to sell your Common Shares held in a dividend reinvestment
account. As a Percentage of Net Assets Attributable to Common Shares (1) Nuveen Municipal Nuveen Dynamic Nuveen AMT-Free Nuveen Municipal Credit Municipal Municipal Credit High Income Opportunities Opportunities Income Fund Opportunity Fund Fund Fund Annual Expenses (NVG) (NMZ) (NMCO) (NDMO) Management Fees 0.94% 1.00% 1.39% 1.17% Interest and Other Related Expenses (2) 0.52% 0.36% 0.72% 0.33% Other Expenses (3) 0.06% 0.07% 0.07% 0.05% Total Annual Expenses 1.52% 1.43% 2.18% 1.55% (1) Stated as percentages of average net assets attributable to Common Shares for the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2021. (2) Interest and Other Related Expenses reflect actual expenses and fees for leverage incurred
by a Fund for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. The types of leverage used by each Fund during the fiscal year ended October 31,
2021 are described in the Fund Leverage and the Notes to Financial Statements (Note 4 – Portfolio Securities and Investments in
Derivatives, Inverse Floating Rate Securities, Note 5 – Fund Shares, Preferred Shares and Note 9 – Borrowing Arrangements)
sections of this annual report. Actual Interest and Other Related Expenses incurred in the future may be higher or lower. If short-term
market interest rates rise in the future, and if a Fund continues to maintain leverage the cost of which is tied to short-term interest
rates, a Fund’s interest expenses on its short-term borrowings can be expected to rise in tandem. A Fund’s use of leverage
will increase the amount of management fees paid to the Fund’s adviser and sub-advisor(s). (3) Other Expenses are based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year. Expenses attributable
to the Fund’s investments, if any, in other investment companies are currently estimated not to exceed 0.01%. Examples The following examples illustrate the expenses, including the applicable
transaction fees (referred to as the “Maximum Sales Charge” in the Shareholder Transaction Expenses table above), if any,
that a common shareholder would pay on a $1,000 investment that is held for the time periods provided in the tables. Each example assumes
that all dividends and other distributions are reinvested in the Fund and that the Fund’s Annual Expenses, as provided above, remain
the same. The examples also assume a 5% annual return. Actual expenses may be greater or less than those assumed. Moreover, the Fund’s
actual rate of return may be greater or less than the hypothetical 5% return shown in the examples. 231 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) Example # 1 (At-the-Market Transaction) The following example assumes a transaction fee of 1.00%, as a percentage
of the offering price. Nuveen Municipal Nuveen Dynamic Nuveen AMT-Free Nuveen Municipal Credit Municipal Municipal Credit High Income Opportunities Opportunities Income Fund Opportunity Fund Fund Fund (NVG) (NMZ) (NMCO) (NDMO) 1 Year $25 $24 $32 $26 3 Years $58 $55 $78 $58 5 Years $92 $87 $126 $94 10 Years $189 $180 $259 $193 Example # 2 (Underwriting Syndicate Transaction) The following example assumes a transaction fee of 4.00%, as a percentage
of the offering price. Nuveen Municipal Nuveen Dynamic Nuveen AMT-Free Nuveen Municipal Credit Municipal Municipal Credit High Income Opportunities Opportunities Income Fund Opportunity Fund Fund Fund (NVG) (1) (NMZ) (NMCO) (NDMO) (1) 1 Year N/A $54 $61 N/A 3 Years N/A $83 $105 N/A 5 Years N/A $115 $152 N/A 10 Years N/A $204 $281 N/A (1) Not applicable – the Fund does not incur a sales charge
for offerings pursuant to an underwritten transaction as noted in Shareholder Transaction Expenses table above. Example # 3 (Privately Negotiated Transaction) The following
example assumes there is no transaction fee. Nuveen Municipal Nuveen Dynamic Nuveen AMT-Free Nuveen Municipal Credit Municipal Municipal Credit High Income Opportunities Opportunities Income Fund Opportunity Fund Fund Fund (NVG) (NMZ) (NMCO) (NDMO) 1 Year $15 $15 $22 $16 3 Years $48 $45 $68 $49 5 Years $83 $78 $117 $84 10 Years $181 $171 $251 $185 These examples should not be considered a representation of future
expenses. Actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown above. TRADING AND NET ASSET VALUE INFORMATION The following table shows for the periods indicated: (i) the high
and low market prices for the Common Shares reported as of the end of the day on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), (ii) the high and
low net asset value (NAV) of the Common Shares, and (iii) the high and low of the premium/(discount) to NAV (expressed as a percentage)
of shares of the Common Shares. 232 Table of Contents Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund (NVG) Market Price NAV Premium / (Discount) to NAV Fiscal Quarter End High Low High Low High Low October 2021 $18.22 $16.75 $17.86 $17.20 3.23% (3.46)% July 2021 $17.91 $17.02 $17.91 $17.41 0.79% (2.63)% April 2021 $17.28 $16.17 $17.74 $17.10 (1.09)% (6.85)% January 2021 $16.98 $15.62 $17.59 $16.75 (2.60)% (6.80)% October 2020 $16.25 $15.37 $17.28 $16.72 (5.89)% (9.64)% July 2020 $15.89 $14.06 $17.10 $15.48 (5.86)% (9.72)% April 2020 $17.14 $12.53 $18.00 $14.19 (3.19)% (20.09)% January 2020 $16.97 $15.99 $17.58 $17.01 (2.69)% (6.38)% Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund (NMZ) Market Price NAV Premium / (Discount) to NAV Fiscal Quarter End High Low High Low High Low October 2021 $15.69 $14.51 $14.94 $14.44 5.23% 0.27% July 2021 $15.81 $14.65 $14.97 $14.39 5.61% 1.03% April 2021 $14.90 $14.04 $14.46 $14.06 3.47% (1.13)% January 2021 $14.42 $13.22 $14.30 $13.22 3.15% (0.37)% October 2020 $13.74 $13.19 $13.60 $13.21 1.51% (1.57)% July 2020 $13.59 $12.11 $13.46 $12.19 1.80% (0.98)% April 2020 $14.92 $10.01 $14.76 $11.31 2.83% (20.56)% January 2020 $14.56 $14.14 $14.42 $13.93 3.45% 0.64% Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund (NMCO) Market Price NAV Premium / (Discount) to NAV Fiscal Quarter End High Low High Low High Low October 2021 $15.94 $14.85 $15.93 $15.35 0.57% (3.82)% July 2021 $16.09 $14.78 $15.94 $15.00 0.94% (3.27)% April 2021 $14.79 $13.73 $15.00 $14.51 (1.27)% (6.31)% January 2021 $14.00 $11.68 $14.66 $12.81 (3.88)% (9.06)% October 2020 $13.29 $11.63 $13.26 $12.81 0.30% (9.42)% July 2020 $13.04 $10.53 $13.09 $11.39 0.77% (8.91)% April 2020 $15.82 $ 9.12 $16.38 $10.21 10.38% (10.68)% January 2020 $15.92 $15.15 $15.68 $14.98 4.53% (0.57)% Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (NDMO) Market Price NAV Premium / (Discount) to NAV Fiscal Quarter End High Low High Low High Low October 2021 $17.64 $15.32 $16.32 $15.55 9.00% (1.54)% July 2021 $17.87 $16.17 $16.39 $15.94 9.03% 1.00% April 2021 $16.60 $15.51 $16.19 $15.54 4.14% (0.38)% January 2021 $15.99 $14.87 $16.00 $14.91 0.54% (2.99)% October 2020 (1) $15.22 $14.84 $15.02 $14.88 1.67% (0.40)% (1) For the period August 26, 2020 (commencement of operations) through October 31, 2020. The following table shows as of October 31, 2021 each Fund’s:
(i) NAV per Common Share, (ii) market price, (iii) percentage of premium/(discount) to NAV per Common Share and (iv) net assets attributable
to Common Shares. 233 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) Nuveen Municipal Nuveen
    Dynamic Nuveen
    AMT-Free Nuveen
    Municipal Credit Municipal Municipal
    Credit High
    Income Opportunities Opportunities Income
    Fund Opportunity
    Fund Fund Fund October
    31, 2021 (NVG) (NMZ) (NMCO) (NDMO) NAV
    per Common Share $17.28 $14.53 $15.47 $15.60 Market
    Price $17.29 $14.71 $15.04 $15.64 Percentage
    of Premium/(Discount) to NAV per Common Share 0.06% 1.24% (2.78)% 0.26% Net
    Assets Attributable to Common Shares $3,687,336,121 $1,404,751,662 $824,271,374 $913,547,497 Shares of closed-end investment companies, including those of the
Funds, may frequently trade at prices lower than NAV. The Funds’ Board of Trustees (Board) has currently determined that, at least
annually, it will consider action that might be taken to reduce or eliminate any material discount from NAV in respect of Common Shares,
which may include the repurchase of such shares in the open market or in private transactions, the making of a tender offer for such shares
at NAV, or the conversion of the Fund to an open-end investment company. The Funds cannot assure you that their Board will decide to take
any of these actions, or that share repurchases or tender offers will actually reduce market discount. SENIOR SECURITIES The following table sets forth information regarding each Fund’s
outstanding senior securities as of the end of each of the Fund’s last ten fiscal periods, as applicable. Each Fund’s senior
securities during this time period are comprised of borrowings that constitute “senior securities” as defined in the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (1940 Act). The information in this table for the fiscal years ended 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017 has
been audited by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. The Funds’ audited financial statements, including the
report of KPMG LLP thereon, and accompanying notes thereto, are included in this Annual Report. Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund (NVG) Variable
    Rate AMPT,
    MFP, Adjustable
    Rate MuniFund
    Term MuniFund
    Term Variable
    Rate MTP,
    VMTP MuniFund
    Term MuniFund
    Preferred Preferred
    (MTP) Preferred
    (VMTP) Demand
    Preferred and/or
    VRDP Preferred
    (AMTP) Shares (MFP)
    Shares Shares
    at the Shares
    at the (VRDP)
    Shares at Shares
    at the at
    the End of Period at
    the End of Period End
    of Period End
    of Period the
    End of Period End
    of Period Asset Asset Asset Asset Asset Aggregate Coverage Aggregate Coverage Aggregate Asset Aggregate Coverage Aggregate Coverage Coverage Amount Per Amount Per Amount Coverage Amount Per Amount Per Per
    $1 Fiscal
    Year Outstanding $100,000 Outstanding $100,000 Outstanding Per
    $10 Outstanding $100,000 Outstanding $100,000 Liquidation Ended (000)
    (1) Share
    (2) (000)
    (1) Share (2)(3) (000) (1) Share
    (4) (000)
    (1) Share
    (2) (000)
    (1) Share
    (2) Preference October
    31 2021 $112,000 $291,153 $405,400 $291,153 $0 $0 $0 $0 $1,411,600 $291,153 $2.91 2020 $112,000 $285,399 $405,400 $285,399 $0 $0 $0 $0 $1,411,600 $285,399 $2.85 2019 $0 $0 $405,400 $291,357 $0 $0 $0 $0 $1,411,600 $291,357 $2.91 2018 $0 $0 $405,400 $272,535 $0 $0 $0 $0 $1,411,600 $272,535 $2.73 2017 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $
    240,400 $
    300,955 $1,411,600 $300,955 $3.01 2016 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $
    240,400 $
    304,005 $1,411,600 $304,005 $3.04 2015 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $179,000 $338,606 — 2014 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $179,000 $341,951 — 2013 $0 $0 $0 $0 $108,000 $31.69 $92,500 $316,883 $0 $0 $3.17 2012 $0 $0 $0 $0 $108,000 $34.28 $92,500 $342,768 $0 $0 $3.43 (1) Aggregate amount outstanding represents the liquidation preference multiplied by the number
of outstanding preferred shares as of the end of the relevant fiscal year. (2) Asset coverage per $100,000 share is calculated by subtracting the Fund’s liabilities
and indebtedness not represented by senior securities from the Fund’s total assets, dividing the result by the aggregate amount
of the Fund’s senior securities representing indebtedness then outstanding, and multiplying the result by 100,000. (3) The Fund’s Series B MFP Shares have a $1,000 liquidation preference per share, while
all other MFP Shares have a $100,000 liquidation preference per share. The asset coverage per $1,000 share for the Fund’s Series
B MFP Shares were as follows: Fiscal Year Ended October 31 Series B MFP Shares 2021 2020 2019 2018 Asset Coverage Per $1,000 Share* $2,912 $2,854 $2,914 $0 234 Table of Contents * Asset coverage per $1,000 share is calculated by subtracting the Fund’s liabilities
and indebtedness not represented by senior securities from the Fund’s total assets, dividing the result by the aggregate amount
of the Fund’s senior securities representing indebtedness then outstanding, and multiplying the result by 1,000. (4) Asset coverage per $10 share is calculated by subtracting the Fund’s liabilities and
indebtedness not represented by senior securities from the Fund’s total assets, dividing the result by the aggregate amount of
the Fund’s senior securities representing indebtedness then outstanding, and multiplying the result by 10. The Ending and Average
Market Value Per Share for each Series of the Fund’s MTP Shares outstanding were as follows: Fiscal Year Ended October 31 Series 2014 (NVG PRCCL) 2014 2013 2012 Ending Market Value per Share $0 $10.09 $10.12 Average Market Value per Share $10.05** $10.11 $10.16 ** For the period November 1, 2013 through December 23, 2013. Nuveen
    Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund (NMZ) Adjustable
    Rate Variable
    Rate MuniFund
    Term MuniFund
    Term Borrowings Preferred Preferred Outstanding (AMTP)
    Shares (VMTP)
    Shares at
    the End of Period at
    the End of Period at
    the End of Period Asset Asset Asset Aggregate Coverage Aggregate Coverage Aggregate Coverage Amount Per Amount Per Amount Per Outstanding $1,000 Outstanding $100,000 Outstanding $100,000 Fiscal
    Year Ended (000)
    (1) (2) (000)
    (1) Share
    (3) (000)
    (1) Share
    (3) October
    31 2021 $0 $0 $257,000 $646,596 $0 $0 2020 $0 $0 $87,000 $1,361,400 $0 $0 2019 $0 $0 $87,000 $1,213,872 $0 $0 2018 $0 $0 $87,000 $1,040,734 $0 $0 2017 $0 $0 $0 $0 $87,000 $1,081,317 2016 $0 $0 $0 $0 $87,000 $1,006,411 2015 $0 $0 $0 $0 $87,000 $886,333 2014 $0 $0 $0 $0 $87,000 $888,850 2013 $0 $0 $0 $0 $87,000 $810,798 2012 $50,000 $9,051 $0 $0 $0 $0 (1) Aggregate amount outstanding represents the liquidation preference multiplied by the number
of outstanding preferred shares as of the end of the relevant fiscal year. (2) Asset coverage per $1,000 of debt is calculated by subtracting the Fund’s liabilities
and indebtedness not represented by senior securities from the Fund’s total assets, dividing the result by the aggregate amount
of the Fund’s senior securities representing indebtedness then outstanding, and multiplying the result by 1,000. (3) Asset coverage per $100,000 share is calculated by subtracting the Fund’s liabilities
and indebtedness not represented by senior securities from the Fund’s total assets, dividing the result by the aggregate amount
of the Fund’s senior securities representing indebtedness then outstanding, and multiplying the result by 100,000. Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund (NMCO) MuniFund Preferred (MFP) Shares at the End of Period Asset Aggregate Coverage Amount Per Outstanding $100,000 Fiscal Year Ended (000) (1) Share (2) October 31 2021 $450,000 $283,171 2020 $450,000 $251,699 2019 (3) $0 $0 (1) Aggregate amount outstanding represents the liquidation preference multiplied by the number
of outstanding preferred shares as of the end of the relevant fiscal year. (2) Asset coverage per $100,000 of debt is calculated by subtracting the Fund’s liabilities
and indebtedness not represented by senior securities from the Fund’s total assets, dividing the result by the aggregate amount
of the Fund’s senior securities representing indebtedness then outstanding, and multiplying the result by 100,000. (3) For the period September 16, 2019 (commencement of operations) through October 31, 2019. 235 Table of Contents Shareholder Update (Unaudited) (continued) Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (NDMO) Borrowings Outstanding at the End of Period Aggregate Asset Amount Coverage Outstanding Per Fiscal Year Ended (000) (1) $1,000 (2) October 31 2021 $191,900 $5,761 2020 (3) $0 $0 (1) Aggregate amount outstanding represents the principal amount as of the end of the relevant
fiscal year/period owed by the Fund to lenders under arrangements in place at the time. (2) Asset coverage per $1,000 of debt is calculated by subtracting the Fund’s liabilities
and indebtedness not represented by senior securities from the Fund’s total assets, dividing the result by the aggregate amount
of the Fund’s senior securities representing indebtedness then outstanding, and multiplying the result by 1,000. (3) For the period August 26, 2020 (commencement of operations) through October 31, 2020. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Each Fund believes that there are no material unresolved written
comments, received 180 days or more before October 31, 2021, from the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding
any of its periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act or 1940 Act, or its registration statement. 236 Table of Contents Additional Fund Information (Unaudited) Board of Trustees Jack B. Evans William C. Hunter Amy B. R. Lancellotta Joanne T. Medero Albin F. Moschner John K. Nelson Judith M. Stockdale Carole E. Stone Matthew Thornton III Terence J. Toth Margaret L. Wolff Robert L. Young Investment Adviser Custodian Legal Counsel Independent Registered Transfer Agent and Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC State Street Bank Chapman and Cutler LLP Public Accounting Firm Shareholder Services 333 West Wacker Drive and Trust Company Chicago, IL 60603 KPMG LLP Computershare Trust Chicago, IL 60606 One Lincoln Street 200 East Company, N.A. Boston, MA 02111 Randolph Street 150 Royall Street Chicago, IL 60601 Canton, MA 02021 (800) 257-8787 Portfolio of Investments Information Each Fund is required to file its complete schedule of portfolio
holdings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the first and third quarters of each fiscal year as an exhibit to its report
on Form N-PORT. You may obtain this information on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Nuveen Funds’ Proxy Voting Information You may obtain (i) information regarding how each fund voted proxies
relating to portfolio securities held during the most recent twelve-month period ended June 30, without charge, upon request, by calling
Nuveen toll-free at (800) 257-8787 or on Nuveen’s website at www.nuveen.com and (ii) a description of the policies and procedures
that each fund used to determine how to vote proxies relating to portfolio securities without charge, upon request, by calling Nuveen
toll free at (800) 257-8787. You may also obtain this information directly from the SEC. Visit the SEC on-line at http://www.sec.gov. CEO Certification Disclosure Each Fund’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) has submitted to
the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) the annual CEO certification as required by Section 303A.12(a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Each
Fund has filed with the SEC the certification of its CEO and Chief Financial Officer required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Common Share Repurchases The Funds intend to repurchase, through their open-market share
repurchase program, shares of their own common stock at such times and in such amounts as is deemed advisable. During the period covered
by this report, each Fund repurchased shares of its common stock as shown in the accompanying table. Any future repurchases will be reported
to shareholders in the next annual or semi-annual report. NVG NZF NMZ NMCO NDMO Common shares repurchased 0 0 0 0 0 FINRA BrokerCheck The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) provides information
regarding the disciplinary history of FINRA member firms and associated investment professionals. This information as well as an investor
brochure describing FINRA BrokerCheck is available to the public by calling the FINRA BrokerCheck Hotline number at (800) 289-9999 or
by visiting www.FINRA.org. 237 Table of Contents Glossary of Terms Used in this Report (Unaudited) • Average
Annual Total Return: This is a commonly used method to express an investment’s performance over a particular, usually multi-year
time period. It expresses the return that would have been necessary each year to equal the investment’s actual cumulative performance
(including change in NAV or market price and reinvested dividends and capital gains distributions, if any) over the time period being
considered. • Duration: Duration
is a measure of the expected period over which a bond’s principal and interest will be paid, and consequently is a measure of the
sensitivity of a bond’s or bond fund’s value to changes when market interest rates change. Generally, the longer a bond’s
or fund’s duration, the more the price of the bond or fund will change as interest rates change. • Effective
Leverage: Effective leverage is a fund’s effective economic leverage, and includes both regulatory leverage (see leverage)
and the leverage effects of certain derivative investments in the fund’s portfolio. Currently, the leverage effects of Tender Option
Bond (TOB) inverse floater holdings are included in effective leverage values, in addition to any regulatory leverage. • Gross
Domestic Product (GDP): The total market value of all final goods and services produced in a country/region in a given year,
equal to total consumer, investment and government spending, plus the value of exports, minus the value of imports. • Industrial
Development Revenue Bond (IDR): A unique type of revenue bond issued by a state or local government agency on behalf of a private
sector company and intended to build or acquire factories or other heavy equipment and tools. • Inverse
Floating Rate Securities: Inverse floating rate securities, also known as inverse floaters or tender option bonds (TOBs), are
created by depositing a municipal bond, typically with a fixed interest rate, into a special purpose trust. This trust, in turn, (a)
issues floating rate certificates typically paying short-term tax-exempt interest rates to third parties in amounts equal to some fraction
of the deposited bond’s par amount or market value, and (b) issues an inverse floating rate certificate (sometimes referred to
as an “inverse floater”) to an investor (such as a fund) interested in gaining investment exposure to a long-term municipal
bond. The income received by the holder of the inverse floater varies inversely with the short-term rate paid to the floating rate certificates’
holders, and in most circumstances the holder of the inverse floater bears substantially all of the underlying bond’s downside
investment risk. The holder of the inverse floater typically also benefits disproportionately from any potential appreciation of the
underlying bond’s value. Hence, an inverse floater essentially represents an investment in the underlying bond on a leveraged basis. • Leverage: Leverage
is created whenever a fund has investment exposure (both reward and/or risk) equivalent to more than 100% of the investment capital. • NVG
and NZF Blended Benchmark: A blended benchmark consisting of the returns of the S&P Municipal Bond Index prior to
4/11/16 and thereafter: 1) 60% of the return of the S&P Municipal Bond Investment Grade Index and 2) 40% of the return of the
S&P Municipal Bond High Yield Index. The S&P Municipal Bond Index is a market value-weighted index designed to measure the
performance of the tax-exempt U.S. municipal bond market. The S&P Municipal Bond Investment Grade Index is a market
value-weighted index designed to measure the performance of tax-exempt investment grade municipal bonds. The S&P Municipal Bond
High Yield Index is a market value-weighted index designed to measure the performance of tax-exempt high yield municipal bonds.
Index returns assume compounding and do not include the effects of any fees or expenses. 238 Table of Contents • Net
Asset Value (NAV) Per Share: A fund’s Net Assets is equal to its total assets (securities, cash, accrued earnings and receivables)
less its total liabilities. NAV per share is equal to the fund’s Net Assets divided by its number of shares outstanding. • Pre-Refunded
Bond/Pre-Refunding: Pre-Refunded Bond/Pre-Refunding, also known as advanced refundings or refinancings, is a procedure used by
state and local governments to refinance municipal bonds to lower interest expenses. The issuer sells new bonds with a lower yield and
uses the proceeds to buy U.S. Treasury securities, the interest from which is used to make payments on the higher-yielding bonds. Because
of this collateral, pre-refunding generally raises a bond’s credit rating and thus its value. • Regulatory
Leverage: Regulatory leverage consists of preferred shares issued by or borrowings of a fund. Both of these are part of a fund’s
capital structure. Regulatory leverage is subject to asset coverage limits set in the Investment Company Act of 1940. • S&P
Municipal Bond Index: A market value-weighted index designed to measure the performance of the tax-exempt U.S. municipal bond
market. Index returns assume reinvestment of distributions, but do not reflect any applicable sales charges or management fees. • S&P
Municipal Yield Index: A market value-weighted index that is structured so that 70% of the index consists of bonds that are either
not rated or are rated below investment grade, 20% are rated BBB/Baa, and 10% are rated single A. Index returns assume reinvestment of
distributions, but do not reflect any applicable sales charges or management fees. • Total
Investment Exposure: Total investment exposure is a fund’s assets managed by the Adviser that are attributable to financial
leverage. For these purposes, financial leverage includes a fund’s use of preferred stock and borrowings and investments in the
residual interest certificates (also called inverse floating rate securities) in tender option bond (TOB) trusts, including the portion
of assets held by a TOB trust that has been effectively financed by the trust’s issuance of floating rate securities. • Zero
Coupon Bond: A zero coupon bond does not pay a regular interest coupon to its holders during the life of the bond. Income to
the holder of the bond comes from accretion of the difference between the original purchase price of the bond at issuance and the par
value of the bond at maturity and is effectively paid at maturity. The market prices of zero coupon bonds generally are more volatile
than the market prices of bonds that pay interest periodically. 239 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process The Approval Process The Boards of Trustees (collectively, the “Board” and
each Trustee, a “Board Member” ) of the Funds, which are comprised entirely of Board Members who are not “interested
persons” (as defined under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “1940 Act” )) (the “Independent
Board Members” ), are responsible for determining whether to initially approve or, after an initial term, to renew, the advisory
arrangements of their respective Funds. A discussion of the Board’s most recent approval of the renewal of the advisory arrangements
of each Fund other than Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (the “Dynamic Fund” ) is set forth in Part
I below. A discussion of the Board’s most recent approval of the renewal of the advisory arrangements of the Dynamic Fund is set
forth in Part II below. PART I Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund At a meeting held on May 25-27, 2021 (the “May Meeting” ),
the Board approved, for its respective Fund listed above under the heading “Part I” (for purposes of this Part I, each a “Fund” and
collectively, the “Funds”), the renewal of the management agreement (for purposes of this Part I, each, an “Investment
Management Agreement” ) with Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC (the “Adviser” ), pursuant to which the Adviser
serves as the investment adviser to such Fund and the sub-advisory agreement (for purposes of this Part I, each, a “Sub-Advisory
Agreement” ) with Nuveen Asset Management, LLC (the “Sub-Adviser” ), pursuant to which the Sub-Adviser
serves as the investment sub-adviser to such Fund. Although the 1940 Act requires that continuances of the Advisory Agreements (as defined
below) be approved by the in-person vote of a majority of the Independent Board Members, the May Meeting was held virtually through the
internet in view of the health risks associated with holding an in-person meeting during the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental restrictions
on gatherings. The May Meeting was held virtually in reliance on certain exemptive relief the Securities and Exchange Commission provided
to registered investment companies providing temporary relief from the in-person voting requirements of the 1940 Act with respect to the
approval of a fund’s advisory agreement in light of these challenges. Following up to an initial two-year period, the Board considers
the renewal of each Investment Management Agreement and Sub-Advisory Agreement on behalf of the applicable Fund on an annual basis. For
purposes of this Part I, the Investment Management Agreements and Sub-Advisory Agreements are collectively referred to as the “Advisory
Agreements” and the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser are collectively, the “Fund Advisers” and
each, a “Fund Adviser.” Throughout the year, the Board and its committees meet regularly and, at these meetings,
receive regular and/or special reports that cover an extensive array of topics and information that are relevant to its annual consideration
of the renewal of the advisory agreements for the Nuveen funds. Such information may address, among other things, fund performance and
risk information; the Adviser’s strategic plans; product initiatives for various funds; the review of the funds and investment teams;
compliance, regulatory and risk management matters; the trading practices of the various sub-advisers to the funds; valuation of securities;
fund expenses; securities lending; liquidity management; overall market and regulatory developments; and with respect to closed-end funds,
capital management initiatives, institutional ownership, management of leverage financing and the secondary market trading of the closed-end
funds and any actions to address discounts. The Board also seeks to meet periodically with the Nuveen funds’ sub-advisers and portfolio
teams, when feasible. In addition, in connection with the annual consideration of the
advisory agreements for the Nuveen funds, the Board, through its independent legal counsel, requested and received extensive materials
and information prepared specifically for its annual consideration of the renewal of such advisory agreements by the Adviser and by Broadridge
Financial Solutions, Inc. ( “Broadridge” ), an independent provider of investment company data. The materials cover a
wide range of topics including, but not limited to, a description of the 240 Table of Contents nature, extent and quality of services provided by the Fund Advisers;
a review of product actions taken during 2020 (such as mergers, liquidations, fund launches, changes to investment teams, and changes
to investment policies); a review of each sub-adviser to the Nuveen funds and the applicable investment teams; an analysis of fund performance
in absolute terms and as compared to the performance of certain peer funds and benchmarks with a focus on any performance outliers; an
analysis of the fees and expense ratios of the Nuveen funds in absolute terms and as compared to those of certain peer funds with a focus
on any expense outliers; a review of management fee schedules; a description of portfolio manager compensation; an overview of the secondary
market trading of shares of the Nuveen closed-end funds (including, among other things, an analysis of performance, distribution and valuation
and capital-raising trends in the broader closed-end fund market and with respect to Nuveen closed-end funds and a review of the leverage
management actions taken on behalf of the closed-end funds particularly during the periods of market volatility generally caused by the
COVID-19 pandemic); a review of the performance of various service providers; a description of various initiatives Nuveen had undertaken
or continued during the year for the benefit of particular fund(s) and/or the complex; a description of the profitability or financial
data of Nuveen and the sub-advisers to the Nuveen funds; and a description of indirect benefits received by the Adviser and the sub-advisers
as a result of their relationships with the Nuveen funds. The information prepared specifically for the annual review supplemented the
information provided to the Board and its committees and the evaluations of the Nuveen funds by the Board and its committees during the
year. In continuing its practice, the Board met prior to the May Meeting
to begin its considerations of the renewal of the Advisory Agreements. Accordingly, on April 21-22, 2021 (the “April Meeting” ),
the Board met to review and discuss, in part, the performance of the Nuveen funds and the Adviser’s evaluation of each sub-adviser
to the Nuveen funds. At the April Meeting, the Board Members asked questions and requested additional information that was provided for
the May Meeting. The Board reviewed fund performance throughout the year and in its review, the Board recognized the volatile market conditions
that occurred in early 2020 arising, in part, from the public health crisis caused by the novel coronavirus known as COVID-19 and the
resulting impact on a fund’s performance for 2020 and thereafter. Accordingly, the Board considered performance data measured over
various periods of time as summarized in more detail below. The Independent Board Members considered the review of the advisory
agreements for the Nuveen funds to be an ongoing process and employed the accumulated information, knowledge and experience the Board
Members had gained during their tenure on the boards governing the Nuveen funds and working with the Adviser and sub-advisers in their
review of the advisory agreements. The contractual arrangements are a result of multiple years of review, negotiation and information
provided in connection with the boards’ annual review of the Nuveen funds’ advisory arrangements and oversight of the Nuveen
funds. The Independent Board Members were advised by independent legal
counsel during the annual review process as well as throughout the year, including meeting in executive sessions with such counsel at
which no representatives from the Adviser or the Sub-Adviser were present. In connection with their annual review, the Independent Board
Members also received a memorandum from independent legal counsel outlining their fiduciary duties and legal standards in reviewing the
Advisory Agreements. The Board’s decision to renew the Advisory Agreements was
not based on a single identified factor, but rather the decision reflected the comprehensive consideration of all the information provided
throughout the year and at the April and May Meetings, and each Board Member may have attributed different levels of importance to the
various factors and information considered in connection with the approval process. The following summarizes the principal factors and
information, but not all the factors, the Board considered in deciding to renew the Advisory Agreements as well as the Board’s conclusions. A. Nature, Extent and Quality of Services In evaluating the renewal of the Advisory Agreements, the Independent
Board Members received and considered information regarding the nature, extent and quality of the applicable Fund Adviser’s services
provided to the respective Fund with particular focus on the services and enhancements to such services provided during the last year.
The Independent Board Members considered the Investment Management Agreements and the Sub-Advisory Agreements separately in the course
of their review. With this approach, they considered the respective roles of the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser in providing services to
the Funds. 241 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process (continued) The Board recognized that the Nuveen funds operate in a highly regulated
industry and, therefore, the Adviser has provided a wide array of management, oversight and administrative services to manage and operate
the funds, and the scope and complexity of these services have expanded over time as a result of, among other things, regulatory and other
developments. The Board accordingly considered the extensive resources, tools and capabilities available to the Adviser to operate and
manage the Nuveen funds. With respect to the Adviser, as a general matter, some of these services it and its affiliates provide to the
Nuveen funds include, but are not limited to: product management (such as setting dividends, analyzing fund expenses, providing competitive
analysis, and providing due diligence support); investment oversight, risk management and securities valuation services (such as overseeing
and reviewing the various sub-advisers to the Nuveen funds and their investment teams; analyzing fund performance and risk data; overseeing
operational and risk management; participating in financial statement, marketing and risk disclosures; providing daily valuation services
and developing related valuation policies, procedures and methodologies; periodic testing of audit and regulatory requirements; participating
in product development and management processes; participating in leverage management, liquidity monitoring and counterparty credit oversight;
providing due diligence and overseeing fund accounting and custody providers; overseeing third party pricing services and periodically
assessing investment and liquidity risks); fund administration (such as preparing fund tax returns and other tax compliance services;
preparing regulatory filings; overseeing the funds’ independent public accountants and other service providers; analyzing products
and enhancements; and managing fund budgets and expenses); oversight of shareholder services and transfer agency functions (such as overseeing
transfer agent service providers which include registered shareholder customer service and transaction processing; overseeing proxy solicitation
and tabulation services; and overseeing the production and distribution of financial reports by service providers); Board relations services
(such as organizing and administering Board and committee meetings, preparing various reports to the Board and committees and providing
other support services); compliance and regulatory oversight services (such as managing compliance policies; monitoring compliance with
applicable fund policies and laws and regulations; devising internal compliance programs and a framework to review and assess compliance
programs; evaluating the compliance programs of the various sub-advisers to the Nuveen funds and certain other service providers; responding
to regulatory requests; and preparing compliance training materials); legal support and oversight of outside law firms (such as helping
to prepare and file registration statements and proxy statements; overseeing fund activities and providing legal interpretations regarding
such activities; maintaining regulatory registrations and negotiating agreements with other fund service providers; and monitoring changes
in regulatory requirements and commenting on rule proposals impacting investment companies); and with respect to closed-end funds, managing
leverage, monitoring asset coverage and promoting an orderly secondary market. In evaluating services, the Board reviewed various highlights of
the initiatives the Adviser and its affiliates have undertaken or continued in 2020 to benefit the Nuveen complex and/or particular Nuveen
funds and meet the requirements of an increasingly complex regulatory environment including, but not limited to: • Centralization of Functions – ongoing initiatives to centralize investment
leadership, market approach and shared support functions within Nuveen and its affiliates in seeking to operate more effectively the
business and enhance the services to the Nuveen funds; • Fund Improvements and Product Management Initiatives – continuing to proactively
manage the Nuveen fund complex as a whole and at the individual fund level with an aim to continually improve product platforms and investment
strategies to better serve shareholders through, among other things, rationalizing the product line and gaining efficiencies through
mergers, repositionings and liquidations; launching new funds; reviewing and updating investment policies and benchmarks; and modifying
portfolio management teams for various funds; • Investment Team Integrations – continuing to integrate and adjust the members
of certain investment teams, in part, to allow greater access to tools and resources within the Nuveen organization and its affiliates; • Capital Initiatives – continuing to invest capital to support new Nuveen
funds with initial capital as well as to support existing funds and facilitate regulatory or logistical changes; 242 Table of Contents • Compliance Program Initiatives – continuing efforts to mitigate compliance
risk, increase operating efficiencies, implement enhancements to strengthen key compliance program elements and support international
business growth and other corporate objectives; • Investment Oversight – preparing reports to the Board addressing, among
other things, fund performance; market conditions; investment teams; new products; changes to mandates, policies and benchmarks; and
other management proposals; • Risk Management and Valuation Services - continuing to oversee and manage risk
including, among other things, conducting daily calculations and monitoring of risk measures across the Nuveen funds, instituting appropriate
investment risk controls, providing risk reporting throughout the firm, participating in internal oversight committees, and continuing
to implement an operational risk framework that seeks to provide greater transparency of operational risk matters across the complex
as well as provide multiple other risk programs that seek to provide a more disciplined and consistent approach to identifying and mitigating
Nuveen’s operational risks. Further, the securities valuation team continues, among other things, to oversee the daily valuation
process of the portfolio securities of the funds, maintains the valuation policies and procedures, facilitates valuation committee meetings,
manages relationships with pricing vendors, and prepares relevant valuation reports and designs methods to simplify and enhance valuation
workflow within the organization; • Regulatory Matters – continuing efforts to monitor regulatory trends and
advocate on behalf of Nuveen and/or the Nuveen funds, to implement and comply with new or revised rules and mandates and to respond to
regulatory inquiries and exams; • Government Relations – continuing efforts of various Nuveen teams and Nuveen’s
affiliates to develop policy positions on a broad range of issues that may impact the Nuveen funds, advocate and communicate these positions
to lawmakers and other regulatory authorities and work with trade associations to ensure these positions are represented; • Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery and Information Security – continuing
efforts of Nuveen to periodically test and update business continuity and disaster recovery plans and, together with its affiliates,
to maintain an information security program designed to identify and manage information security risks, and provide reports to the Board,
at least annually, addressing, among other things, management’s security risk assessment, cyber risk profile, potential impact
of new or revised laws and regulations, incident tracking and other relevant information technology risk-related reports; • Dividend Management Services – continuing to manage the dividends among
the varying types of Nuveen funds within the Nuveen complex to be consistent with the respective fund’s product design and positioning
in striving to deliver those earnings to shareholders in a relatively consistent manner over time as well as assisting in the development
of new products or the restructuring of existing funds; and • with respect specifically to closed-end funds, such continuing services also included: • • Leverage Management Services – continuing to actively manage
the various forms of leverage utilized across the complex, including through committing resources and focusing on sourcing/structure
development and bank provider management, which was key to navigating the respective funds through the COVID-related market volatility
in 2020; • • Capital Management, Market Intelligence and Secondary Market Services –
ongoing capital management efforts through shelf offerings, share repurchases, tender offers and capital return programs as well as providing
market data analysis to help understand closed-end fund ownership cycles and their impact on secondary market trading as well as to improve
proxy solicitation efforts; and • • Closed-end Fund Investor Relations Program – maintaining the
closed-end fund investor relations program which, among other things, raises awareness, provides educational materials and cultivates
advocacy for closed-end funds and the Nuveen closed-end fund product line. 243 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process (continued) In its review, the Board recognized that Nuveen’s risk management,
compliance, technology and operations capabilities are all integral to providing its investment management services to the Nuveen funds.
Further, the Board noted the benefits to shareholders of investing in a Nuveen fund, as each Nuveen fund is a part of a large fund complex
with a variety of investment disciplines, capabilities, expertise and resources available to navigate and support the funds including
during stressed times as occurred in the market in the first half of 2020. The Board recognized the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during
the year and the adaptations required by service providers to continue to deliver their services to the Nuveen funds, including working
remotely. In this regard, the Board noted the ability of the Adviser and the various sub-advisers to the Nuveen funds to provide continuously
their services notwithstanding the significant disruptions caused by the pandemic. In addition to the services provided by the Adviser,
the Board also considered the risks borne by the Adviser and its affiliates in managing the Nuveen funds, including entrepreneurial, operational,
reputational, regulatory and litigation risks. The Board further considered the division of responsibilities between
the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser and recognized that the Sub-Adviser and its investment personnel generally are responsible for the management
of each Fund’s portfolio under the oversight of the Adviser and the Board. The Board considered an analysis of the Sub-Adviser provided
by the Adviser which included, among other things, the assets under management of the applicable investment team and changes thereto,
a summary of the applicable investment team and changes thereto, the investment process and philosophy of the applicable investment team,
the performance of the Nuveen funds sub-advised by the Sub-Adviser over various periods of time and a summary of any significant policy
and/or other changes to the Nuveen funds sub-advised by the Sub-Adviser. The Board further considered at the May Meeting or prior meetings
evaluations of the Sub-Adviser’s compliance programs and trade execution. The Board also considered the structure of investment
personnel compensation programs and whether this structure provides appropriate incentives to act in the best interests of the respective
Nuveen funds. The Board noted that the Adviser recommended the renewal of the Sub-Advisory Agreements. Based on its review, the Board determined, in the exercise of its
reasonable business judgment, that it was satisfied with the nature, extent and quality of services provided to the respective Funds under
each applicable Advisory Agreement. B. The Investment Performance of the Funds and Fund Advisers In evaluating the quality of the services provided by the Fund Advisers,
the Board also received and considered a variety of investment performance data of the Nuveen funds they advise. In evaluating performance,
the Board recognized that performance data may differ significantly depending on the ending date selected, particularly during periods
of market volatility, and therefore considered performance over a variety of time periods that may include full market cycles. In this
regard, the Board reviewed, among other things, Fund performance over the quarter, one-, three- and five-year periods ending December
31, 2020 (or for shorter periods available to the extent a Fund was not in existence during such periods) as well as performance data
periods ending nearer to the May Meeting, including the quarter, one-, three- and five-year periods ending March 31, 2021 and May 14,
2021 (or for shorter periods available to the extent a Fund was not in existence during such periods). The performance data prepared for
the annual review of the advisory agreements for the Nuveen funds supplemented the fund performance data that the Board received throughout
the year at its meetings representing differing time periods. In its review, the Board took into account the discussions with representatives
of the Adviser; the Adviser’s analysis regarding fund performance that occurred at these Board meetings with particular focus on
funds that were considered performance outliers (both overperformance and underperformance); the factors contributing to the performance;
and any recommendations or steps taken to address performance concerns. Regardless of the time period reviewed by the Board, the Board
recognized that shareholders may evaluate performance based on their own holding periods which may differ from the periods reviewed by
the Board and lead to differing results. In its review, the Board reviewed both absolute and relative fund
performance during the annual review over the various time periods. With respect to the latter, the Board considered fund performance
in comparison to the performance of peer funds (the “Performance Peer Group” ) and recognized and/or customized
benchmarks ( i.e., generally benchmarks derived from multiple recognized benchmarks). For Nuveen funds that had changes in
portfolio managers since 2018 or significant changes, among 244 Table of Contents other things, to their investment strategies or policies since 2019,
the Board reviewed certain performance data comparing the performance of such funds before and after such changes. In considering performance
data, the Board is aware of certain inherent limitations with such data, including that differences between the objective(s), strategies
and other characteristics of the Nuveen funds compared to the respective Performance Peer Group and/or benchmark(s) (such as differences
in the use of leverage) as well as differences in the composition of the Performance Peer Group over time will necessarily contribute
to differences in performance results and limit the value of the comparative information. To assist the Board in its review of the comparability
of the relative performance, the Adviser has ranked the relevancy of the peer group to the funds as low, medium or high. The Board also evaluated performance in light of various relevant
factors, including, among other things, general market conditions, issuer-specific information, asset class information, leverage and
fund cash flows. In relation to general market conditions, the Board recognized the significant market decline in the early part of 2020
in connection with, among other things, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and that such a period of underperformance and market volatility
may significantly weigh on the longer term performance results. Accordingly, depending on the facts and circumstances including any differences
between the respective Nuveen fund and its benchmark and/or Performance Peer Group, the Board may be satisfied with a fund’s performance
notwithstanding that its performance may be below that of its benchmark or peer group for certain periods. However, with respect to any
Nuveen funds for which the Board had identified performance issues, the Board monitors such funds closely until performance improves,
discusses with the Adviser the reasons for such results, considers whether any steps are necessary or appropriate to address such issues,
and reviews the results of any steps undertaken. The secondary market trading of shares of the Nuveen closed-end
funds continues to be a priority for the Board given its importance to shareholders, and therefore data reflecting the premiums and discounts
at which the shares of the closed-end funds trade are reviewed by the Board during its annual review and by the Board and/or its Closed-end
Fund committee during its respective quarterly meetings throughout the year. The Board continuously reviews all closed-end fund discounts
and the fund’s performance relative to both primary and secondary benchmarks and peers. In its review, the Board considers, among
other things, changes to investment mandates and guidelines, enhanced and attractive distribution policies, leverage levels and types,
fund reorganizations, share repurchases and similar capital market actions and effective communications programs to build greater awareness
and deepen understanding of closed-end funds. The Board’s determinations with respect to each Fund are summarized
below. For Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund (the “AMT-Free
Credit Income Fund” ), the Board noted that the Fund outperformed its blended benchmark for the one-, three- and five-year periods
ended December 31, 2020. The Fund also ranked in the second quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the one-year period ended December
31, 2020 and first quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the three- and five-year periods ended December 31, 2020. Further, the Fund
outperformed its blended benchmark and ranked in the first quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the one-, three- and five-year periods
ended March 31, 2021 and May 14, 2021. In its review, the Board noted that the Performance Peer Group was classified as low for relevancy.
Based on its review, the Board was satisfied with the Fund’s overall performance. For Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund (the “Credit
Income Fund” ), the Board noted that the Fund outperformed its blended benchmark for the one-, three- and five-year periods ended
December 31, 2020 and ranked in the third quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the one-year period ended December 31, 2020 and first
quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the three- and five-year periods ended December 31, 2020. The Fund also outperformed its blended
benchmark and ranked in the first quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the one-, three- and five-year periods ended March 31, 2021
and May 14, 2021. In its review, the Board noted that the Performance Peer Group was classified as low for relevancy. Based on its review,
the Board was satisfied with the Fund’s overall performance. For Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund (the “High
Income Fund”), the Board noted that although the Fund’s performance was below the performance of its benchmark for the one-
and three-year periods ended December 31, 2020, the Fund outperformed its benchmark for the five-year period ended December 31, 2020 and
ranked in the second quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the one-year period ended December 31, 2020 and first quartile for the
three- and five-year peri- 245 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process (continued) ods ended December 31, 2020. The Fund also outperformed its benchmark
and ranked in the first quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the one-, three- and five-year periods ended March 31, 2021 and May
14, 2021. Based on its review, the Board was satisfied with the Fund’s overall performance. For Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund (the “Credit
Opportunities Fund” ), the Board noted that the Fund’s performance was below the performance of its benchmark and the Fund
ranked in the fourth quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the one-year period ended December 31, 2020. The Fund, however, outperformed
its benchmark and ranked in the first quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the one-year periods ended March 31, 2021 and May 14,
2021. In its review the Board noted that the Performance Peer Group was classified as low for relevancy. The Board noted that the Fund
was new with a performance history too limited to make a meaningful assessment of performance. C.
Fees, Expenses and Profitability 1. Fees and Expenses As part of its annual review, the Board considered the contractual
management fee and net management fee (the management fee after taking into consideration fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, if
any) paid by a Nuveen fund to the Adviser in light of the nature, extent and quality of the services provided. The Board also considered
the total operating expense ratio of each fund before and after any fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements. More specifically, the
Independent Board Members reviewed, among other things, each fund’s gross and net management fee rates ( i.e., before
and after expense reimbursements and/or fee waivers, if any) and net total expense ratio in relation to those of a comparable universe
of funds (the “Peer Universe” ) established by Broadridge (subject to certain exceptions). The Independent Board
Members reviewed the methodology Broadridge employed to establish its Peer Universe and recognized that differences between the applicable
fund and its respective Peer Universe as well as changes to the composition of the Peer Universe from year to year may limit some of the
value of the comparative data. The Independent Board Members also considered a fund’s operating expense ratio as it more directly
reflected the shareholder’s costs in investing in the respective fund. In their review, the Independent Board Members considered, in particular,
each fund with a net expense ratio (excluding investment-related costs of leverage) of six basis points or higher compared to that of
its peer average (each, an “Expense Outlier Fund” ), including the Credit Opportunities Fund, and an analysis as
to the factors contributing to each such fund’s higher relative net expense ratio. In addition, although the Board reviewed a fund’s
total net expenses both including and excluding investment-related expenses ( i.e., leverage costs) and taxes for certain of
the closed-end funds, the Board recognized that leverage expenses will vary across funds and in comparison to peers because of differences
in the forms and terms of leverage employed by the respective fund. Accordingly, in reviewing the comparative data between a fund and
its peers, the Board generally considered the fund’s net expense ratio and fees (excluding leverage costs and leveraged assets)
to be higher if they were over 10 basis points higher, slightly higher if they were 6 to 10 basis points higher, in line if they were
within approximately 5 basis points higher than the peer average and below if they were below the peer average of the Peer Universe. The
Independent Board Members also considered, in relevant part, a fund’s net management fee and net total expense ratio in light of
its performance history. In their review of the fee arrangements for the Nuveen funds, the
Independent Board Members considered the management fee schedules, including the complex-wide and fund-level breakpoint schedules. The
Board noted that across the Nuveen fund complex, the complex-wide fee breakpoints reduced fees by approximately $58.4 million and fund-level
breakpoints reduced fees by approximately $69.6 million in 2020. With respect to the Sub-Adviser, the Board also considered the sub-advisory
fee schedule paid to the Sub-Adviser in light of the sub-advisory services provided to the respective Fund, the breakpoint schedule and
comparative data of the fees the Sub-Adviser charges to other clients, if any. In its review, the Board recognized that the compensation
paid to the Sub-Adviser is the responsibility of the Adviser, not the Funds. 246 Table of Contents The Independent Board Members noted that (a) the AMT-Free Credit
Income Fund and the Credit Income Fund each had a net management fee that was slightly higher than the respective peer average but a net
expense ratio that was in line with the respective peer average; (b) the High Income Fund had a net management fee that was in line with
the peer average and a net expense ratio that was below the peer average; and (c) the Credit Opportunities Fund had a net management fee
and a net expense ratio that were higher than the respective peer averages. The Independent Board Members noted that the Credit Opportunities
Fund’s net expense ratio was higher than the peer average due, in part, to differences between its credit profile and that of other
funds in the peer group. Further, the Independent Board Members noted that the Credit Opportunities Fund’s net expense ratio was
lower than initially projected prior to such Fund’s launch. Based on its review of the information provided, the Board determined
that each Fund’s management fees (as applicable) to a Fund Adviser were reasonable in light of the nature, extent and quality of
services provided to the Fund. 2. Comparisons with the Fees of Other Clients In determining the appropriateness of fees, the Board also considered
information regarding the fee rates the respective Fund Advisers charged to certain other types of clients and the type of services provided
to these other clients. With respect to the Adviser and/or the Sub-Adviser, such other clients may include retail and institutional managed
accounts, passively managed exchange-traded funds ( “ETFs” ) sub-advised by the Sub-Adviser that are offered by another
fund complex and municipal managed accounts offered by an unaffiliated adviser. With respect to the Sub-Adviser, the Board reviewed, among
other things, the fee range and average fee of municipal retail advisory accounts and municipal institutional accounts as well as the
sub-advisory fee the Sub-Adviser received for serving as sub-adviser to passive ETFs offered outside the Nuveen family. In considering the fee data of other clients, the Board recognized,
among other things, the differences in the amount, type and level of services provided to the Nuveen funds relative to other clients as
well as the differences in portfolio investment policies, investor profiles, account sizes and regulatory requirements, all of which contribute
to the variations in the fee schedules. The Board recognized the breadth of services the Adviser had provided to the Nuveen funds compared
to the other types of clients as the funds operate in a highly regulated industry with increasing regulatory requirements as well as the
increased entrepreneurial, legal and regulatory risks that the Adviser incurs in sponsoring and managing the funds. Further, with respect
to ETFs, the Board considered that Nuveen ETFs were passively managed compared to the active management of the other Nuveen funds which
contributed to the differences in fee levels between the Nuveen ETFs and other Nuveen funds. In general, higher fee levels reflect higher
levels of service provided by the Adviser, increased investment management complexity, greater product management requirements, and higher
levels of business risk or some combination of these factors. The Board further considered that the Sub-Adviser’s fee is essentially
for portfolio management services and therefore more comparable to the fees it receives for retail wrap accounts and other external sub-advisory
mandates. The Board concluded the varying levels of fees were justified given, among other things, the inherent differences in the products
and the level of services provided to the Nuveen funds versus other clients, the differing regulatory requirements and legal liabilities
and the entrepreneurial, legal and regulatory risks incurred in sponsoring and advising a registered investment company. 3. Profitability of Fund Advisers In their review, the Independent Board Members considered information
regarding Nuveen’s level of profitability for its advisory services to the Nuveen funds for the calendar years 2020 and 2019. The
Board reviewed, among other things, Nuveen’s net margins (pre-tax) (both including and excluding distribution expenses); gross and
net revenue margins (pre- and post-tax and excluding distribution) from Nuveen funds only; revenues, expenses and net income (pre- and
post-tax and before distribution expenses) of Nuveen for fund advisory services; and comparative profitability data comparing the operating
margins of Nuveen compared to the adjusted operating margins of certain peers that had publicly available data and with the most comparable
assets under management (based on asset size and asset composition) for each of the last two calendar years. In reviewing the peer comparison
data, the Independent Board Members noted that Nuveen Investments, Inc.’s operating margins were on the 247 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process (continued) low range compared to the total company adjusted operating margins
of the peers. The Board also reviewed the revenues and expenses the Adviser derived from its ETF product line for the 2019 and 2020 calendar
years. In reviewing the profitability data, the Independent Board Members
recognized the subjective nature of calculating profitability as the information is not audited and is dependent on cost allocation methodologies
to allocate corporate-wide expenses to the Nuveen complex and its affiliates and to further allocate such Nuveen complex expenses between
the Nuveen fund and non-fund businesses. Generally, fund-specific expenses are allocated to the Nuveen funds and partial fund-related
expenses and/or corporate overhead and shared costs (such as legal and compliance, accounting and finance, information technology and
human resources and office services) are partially attributed to the funds pursuant to cost allocation methodologies. The Independent
Board Members reviewed a description of the cost allocation methodologies employed to develop the financial information, a summary of
the history of changes to the methodology over the years from 2010 to 2020, and the net revenue margins derived from the Nuveen funds
(pre-tax and including and excluding distribution) and total company margins from Nuveen Investments, Inc. compared to the firm-wide adjusted
margins of the peers for each calendar year from 2010 to 2020. The Board had also appointed three Independent Board Members to serve as
the Board’s liaisons, with the assistance of independent counsel, to review the development of the profitability data and any proposed
changes to the cost allocation methodology prior to incorporating any such changes and to report to the full Board. The Board recognized
that other reasonable and valid allocation methodologies could be employed and could lead to significantly different results. The Independent
Board Members also considered the key drivers behind the revenue and expense changes that impacted Nuveen’s net margins between
2019 and 2020. The Board also noted the reinvestments Nuveen and/or its parent made into its business through, among other things, the
investment of seed capital in certain Nuveen funds and continued investments in enhancements to information technology, portfolio accounting
systems and the global trading platform. In reviewing the comparative peer data noted above, the Board considered
that the operating margins of Nuveen Investments, Inc. were in the lower half of the peer group range; however, the Independent Board
Members also recognized the limitations of the comparative data given that peer data is not generally public and the calculation of profitability
is subjective and affected by numerous factors (such as types of funds a peer manages, its business mix, its cost of capital, the numerous
assumptions underlying the methodology used to allocate expenses and other factors) that can have a significant impact on the results. Aside from Nuveen’s profitability, the Board recognized that
the Adviser is a subsidiary of Nuveen, LLC, the investment management arm of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (“TIAA”).
Accordingly, the Board also reviewed a balance sheet for TIAA reflecting its assets, liabilities and capital and contingency reserves
for the 2020 and 2019 calendar years to consider the financial strength of TIAA. The Board recognized the benefit of an investment adviser
and its parent with significant resources, particularly during periods of market volatility as experienced with the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to Nuveen, the Independent Board Members considered
the profitability of the Sub-Adviser from its relationships with the Nuveen funds. In this regard, the Independent Board Members reviewed,
among other things, the Sub-Adviser’s revenues, expenses and net revenue margins (pre- and post-tax) for its advisory activities
for the calendar year ended December 31, 2020 as well as its pre- and post-tax net revenue margins for 2020 compared to such margins for
2019. The Independent Board Members also reviewed a profitability analysis reflecting the revenues, expenses and revenue margin (pre-
and post-tax) by asset type for the Sub-Adviser for the calendar year ending December 31, 2020 and the pre- and post-tax revenue margins
from 2020 and 2019. In evaluating the reasonableness of the compensation, the Independent
Board Members also considered any other ancillary benefits derived by the respective Fund Adviser from its relationship with the Nuveen
funds as discussed in further detail below. Based on a consideration of all the information provided, the Board
noted that Nuveen’s and the Sub-Adviser’s level of profitability was acceptable and not unreasonable in light of the services
provided. 248 Table of Contents D. Economies of Scale and Whether Fee Levels Reflect These Economies
of Scale The Board considered whether there have been economies of scale
with respect to the management of the Nuveen funds and whether these economies of scale have been appropriately shared with the funds.
The Board recognized that although economies of scale are difficult to measure and certain expenses may not decline with a rise in assets,
there are several methods to help share the benefits of economies of scale, including breakpoints in the management fee schedule, fee
waivers and/or expense limitations, the pricing of Nuveen funds at scale at inception and investments in Nuveen’s business which
can enhance the services provided to the funds for the fees paid. The Board noted that Nuveen generally has employed these various methods,
and the Board considered the extent to which the Nuveen funds will benefit from economies of scale as their assets grow. In this regard,
the Board noted that the management fee of the Adviser is generally comprised of a fund-level component and a complex-level component
each with its own breakpoint schedule, subject to certain exceptions. The Board reviewed the fund-level and complex-level fee schedules.
The Board considered that the fund-level breakpoint schedules are designed to share economies of scale with shareholders if the particular
fund grows, and the complex-level breakpoint schedule is designed to deliver the benefits of economies of scale to shareholders when the
eligible assets in the complex pass certain thresholds even if the assets of a particular fund are unchanged or have declined. With respect
to the Nuveen closed-end funds, the Independent Board Members noted that, although such funds may from time to time make additional share
offerings, the growth of their assets would occur primarily through the appreciation of such funds’ investment portfolios. Further,
in the calculation of the complex-level component, the Board noted that it had approved the acquisition of several Nuveen funds by similar
TIAA-CREF funds in 2019. However, to mitigate the loss of the assets of these Nuveen funds deemed eligible to be included in the calculation
of the complex-wide fee when these Nuveen funds left the complex upon acquisition, Nuveen agreed to credit approximately $604.5 million
to assets under management to the Nuveen complex in calculating the complex-wide component. The Independent Board Members also recognized the Adviser’s
continued reinvestment in its business through various initiatives including maintaining a seed account available for investments into
Nuveen funds and investing in its internal infrastructure, information technology and other systems that will, among other things, consolidate
and enhance accounting systems, integrate technology platforms to support growth and efficient data processing, and further develop its
global trading platform to enhance the investment process for the investment teams. Based on its review, the Board concluded that the current fee arrangements
together with the Adviser’s reinvestment in its business appropriately shared any economies of scale with shareholders. E. Indirect Benefits The Independent Board Members received and considered information
regarding other benefits the respective Fund Adviser or its affiliates may receive as a result of their relationship with the Nuveen funds.
The Board considered the compensation that an affiliate of the Adviser received for serving as co-manager in the initial public offerings
of new closed-end funds and for serving as an underwriter on shelf offerings of existing closed-end funds. In addition, the Independent
Board Members also noted that various sub-advisers (including the Sub-Adviser) may engage in soft dollar transactions pursuant to which
they may receive the benefit of research products and other services provided by broker-dealers executing portfolio transactions on behalf
of the applicable Nuveen funds. However, the Board noted that any benefits for the Sub-Adviser when transacting in fixed-income securities
may be more limited as such securities generally trade on a principal basis and therefore do not generate brokerage commissions. Based on its review, the Board concluded that any indirect benefits
received by a Fund Adviser as a result of its relationship with the Funds were reasonable and within acceptable parameters. 249 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process (continued) F. Other Considerations The Board Members did not identify any single factor discussed previously
as all-important or controlling. The Board Members, including the Independent Board Members, concluded that the terms of each Advisory
Agreement were fair and reasonable, that the respective Fund Adviser’s fees were reasonable in light of the services provided to
each Fund and that the Advisory Agreements be renewed. PART
II Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund At a meeting held on July 19, 2021 (the “July Meeting” ),
the Board of Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (for purposes of this Part II, the “Fund” ) approved the
renewal of the management agreement (for purposes of this Part II, the “Investment Management Agreement” ) with
Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC (the “Adviser” ) pursuant to which the Adviser serves as the investment adviser to the
Fund and the sub-advisory agreement (for purposes of this Part II, the “Sub-Advisory Agreement” ) with Nuveen Asset
Management, LLC (the “Sub-Adviser” ) pursuant to which the Sub-Adviser serves as the sub-adviser to the Fund. Following up to an initial two-year period, the Board considers
the renewal of the Investment Management Agreement and Sub-Advisory Agreement on an annual basis. For purposes of this Part II, the Investment
Management Agreement and Sub-Advisory Agreement are collectively referred to as the “Advisory Agreements” and
the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser are collectively, the “Fund Advisers” and each, a “Fund Adviser.” Throughout
the year, the Board and its committees meet regularly and, at these meetings, receive regular and/or special reports that cover an extensive
array of topics and information that are relevant to its annual consideration of the renewal of the advisory agreements for the Nuveen
funds. Such information may address, among other things, fund performance and risk information; the Adviser’s strategic plans; product
initiatives for various funds; the review of the funds and investment teams; compliance, regulatory and risk management matters; the trading
practices of the various sub-advisers to the funds; valuation of securities; fund expenses; securities lending; liquidity management;
overall market and regulatory developments; and with respect to closed-end funds, capital management initiatives, institutional ownership,
management of leverage financing and the secondary market trading of the closed-end funds and any actions to address discounts. The Board
also seeks to meet periodically with the Nuveen funds’ sub-advisers and portfolio teams, when feasible. In addition, in connection with the annual consideration of the
advisory agreements for the Nuveen funds, the Board, through its independent legal counsel, requested and received extensive materials
and information prepared specifically for its annual consideration of the renewal of such advisory agreements by the Adviser and by Broadridge
Financial Solutions, Inc. ( “Broadridge” ), an independent provider of investment company data. The materials cover a
wide range of topics including, but not limited to, a description of the nature, extent and quality of services provided by the Fund Advisers;
a review of product actions taken during 2020 (such as mergers, liquidations, fund launches, changes to investment teams, and changes
to investment policies); a review of each sub-adviser to the Nuveen funds and the applicable investment teams; the performance of the
Fund in absolute terms and as compared to the performance of certain peer funds and benchmarks with a focus on any performance outliers;
an analysis of the fees and expense ratios of the Nuveen funds in absolute terms and as compared to those of certain peer funds with a
focus on any expense outliers; a review of management fee schedules; a description of portfolio manager compensation; an overview of the
secondary market trading of shares of the Nuveen closed-end funds during a specified time period; a review of the performance of various
service providers; a description of various initiatives Nuveen had undertaken or continued during the year for the benefit of particular
fund(s) and/or the complex; a description of the profitability or financial data of Nuveen and the sub-advisers to the Nuveen funds; and
a description of indirect benefits received by the Adviser and the sub-advisers as a result of their relationships with the Nuveen funds.
The information prepared specifically for the annual review supplemented the information provided to the Board and its committees and
the evaluations of the Nuveen funds by the Board and its committees during the year. In continuing its practice, the Board met on April 21-22, 2021 (the “April
Meeting” ) to begin its considerations of the renewal of the Advisory Agreements. At the April Meeting, the Board Members asked
questions and requested additional information. The Board 250 Table of Contents continued its review of the advisory arrangements of the Nuveen
funds at a meeting held on May 25-27, 2021 (the “May Meeting” ). To avoid the expiration of the Advisory Agreements
prior to the next annual review of the advisory arrangements of the Nuveen funds, the Board considered the renewal of the Advisory Agreements
with the Fund at the July Meeting (for purposes of this Part II, together with the April Meeting and the May Meeting, the “Meetings” ).
The Board considered the information provided at its prior meetings, including at the April Meeting and May Meeting, in its consideration
of the renewal of the Advisory Agreements. Although the 1940 Act requires that continuances of the Advisory Agreements be approved by
the in-person vote of a majority of the Independent Board Members, the Meetings were held virtually through the internet in view of the
health risks associated with holding an in-person meeting during the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental restrictions on gatherings. The
Meetings were held virtually in reliance on certain exemptive relief the Securities and Exchange Commission provided to registered investment
companies providing temporary relief from the in-person voting requirements of the 1940 Act with respect to the approval of a fund’s
advisory agreement in light of these challenges. The Independent Board Members considered the review of the advisory
agreements for the Nuveen funds to be an ongoing process and employed the accumulated information, knowledge and experience the Board
Members had gained during their tenure on the boards governing the Nuveen funds and working with the Adviser and sub-advisers in their
review of the advisory agreements. The Independent Board Members were advised by independent legal counsel during the annual review process
as well as throughout the year, including meeting in executive sessions with such counsel at which no representatives from the Adviser
or the Sub-Adviser were present. In connection with their annual review, the Independent Board Members also received a memorandum from
independent legal counsel outlining their fiduciary duties and legal standards in reviewing the Advisory Agreements. The Board’s decision to renew the Advisory Agreements was
not based on a single identified factor, but rather the decision reflected the comprehensive consideration of all the information provided
throughout the year and at the Meetings, and each Board Member may have attributed different levels of importance to the various factors
and information considered in connection with the approval process. The following summarizes the principal factors and information, but
not all the factors, the Board considered in deciding to renew the Advisory Agreements as well as the Board’s conclusions. A. Nature, Extent and Quality of Services In evaluating the renewal of the Advisory Agreements, the Independent
Board Members received and considered information regarding the nature, extent and quality of the applicable Fund Adviser’s services
provided to the Fund with particular focus on the services and enhancements to such services provided during the last year. The Independent
Board Members considered the Investment Management Agreement and the Sub-Advisory Agreement separately in the course of their review.
With this approach, they considered the respective roles of the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser in providing services to the Fund. The Board recognized that the Nuveen funds operate in a highly regulated
industry and, therefore, the Adviser has provided a wide array of management, oversight and administrative services to manage and operate
the funds, and the scope and complexity of these services have expanded over time as a result of, among other things, regulatory and other
developments. The Board accordingly considered the extensive resources, tools and capabilities available to the Adviser to operate and
manage the Nuveen funds. With respect to the Adviser, as a general matter, some of these services it and its affiliates provide to the
Nuveen funds include, but are not limited to: product management (such as setting dividends, analyzing fund expenses, providing competitive
analysis, and providing due diligence support); investment oversight, risk management and securities valuation services (such as overseeing
and reviewing the various sub-advisers to the Nuveen funds and their investment teams; analyzing fund performance and risk data; overseeing
operational and risk management; participating in financial statement, marketing and risk disclosures; providing daily valuation services
and developing related valuation policies, procedures and methodologies; periodic testing of audit and regulatory requirements; participating
in product development and management processes; participating in leverage management, liquidity monitoring and counterparty credit oversight;
providing due diligence and overseeing fund accounting and custody providers; overseeing third party pricing services and periodically 251 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process (continued) assessing investment and liquidity risks); fund administration (such
as preparing fund tax returns and other tax compliance services; preparing regulatory filings; overseeing the funds’ independent
public accountants and other service providers; analyzing products and enhancements; and managing fund budgets and expenses); oversight
of shareholder services and transfer agency functions (such as overseeing transfer agent service providers which include registered shareholder
customer service and transaction processing; overseeing proxy solicitation and tabulation services; and overseeing the production and
distribution of financial reports by service providers); Board relations services (such as organizing and administering Board and committee
meetings, preparing various reports to the Board and committees and providing other support services); compliance and regulatory oversight
services (such as managing compliance policies; monitoring compliance with applicable fund policies and laws and regulations; devising
internal compliance programs and a framework to review and assess compliance programs; evaluating the compliance programs of the various
sub-advisers to the Nuveen funds and certain other service providers; responding to regulatory requests; and preparing compliance training
materials); legal support and oversight of outside law firms (such as helping to prepare and file registration statements and proxy statements;
overseeing fund activities and providing legal interpretations regarding such activities; maintaining regulatory registrations and negotiating
agreements with other fund service providers; and monitoring changes in regulatory requirements and commenting on rule proposals impacting
investment companies); and with respect to closed-end funds, managing leverage, monitoring asset coverage and promoting an orderly secondary
market. In evaluating services, the Board reviewed various highlights of
the initiatives the Adviser and its affiliates have undertaken or continued in 2020 to benefit the Nuveen complex and/or particular Nuveen
funds and meet the requirements of an increasingly complex regulatory environment including, but not limited to: • Centralization of Functions – ongoing initiatives to centralize investment
leadership, market approach and shared support functions within Nuveen and its affiliates in seeking to operate more effectively the
business and enhance the services to the Nuveen funds; • Fund Improvements and Product Management Initiatives – continuing to proactively
manage the Nuveen fund complex as a whole and at the individual fund level with an aim to continually improve product platforms and investment
strategies to better serve shareholders through, among other things, rationalizing the product line and gaining efficiencies through
mergers, repositionings and liquidations; launching new funds; reviewing and updating investment policies and benchmarks; and modifying
portfolio management teams for various funds; • Investment Team Integrations – continuing to integrate and adjust the members
of certain investment teams, in part, to allow greater access to tools and resources within the Nuveen organization and its affiliates; • Capital Initiatives – continuing to invest capital to support new Nuveen
funds with initial capital as well as to support existing funds and facilitate regulatory or logistical changes; • Compliance Program Initiatives – continuing efforts to mitigate compliance
risk, increase operating efficiencies, implement enhancements to strengthen key compliance program elements and support international
business growth and other corporate objectives; • Investment Oversight – preparing reports to the Board addressing, among
other things, fund performance; market conditions; investment teams; new products; changes to mandates, policies and benchmarks; and
other management proposals; • Risk Management and Valuation Services - continuing to oversee and manage risk
including, among other things, conducting daily calculations and monitoring of risk measures across the Nuveen funds, instituting appropriate
investment risk controls, providing risk reporting throughout the firm, participating in internal oversight committees, and continuing
to implement an operational risk framework that seeks to provide greater transparency of operational risk matters across the complex
as well as provide multiple other risk programs that seek to provide a more disciplined and consistent approach to 252 Table of Contents identifying and mitigating Nuveen’s operational risks. Further,
the securities valuation team continues, among other things, to oversee the daily valuation process of the portfolio securities of the
funds, maintains the valuation policies and procedures, facilitates valuation committee meetings, manages relationships with pricing vendors,
and prepares relevant valuation reports and designs methods to simplify and enhance valuation workflow within the organization; • Regulatory Matters – continuing efforts to monitor regulatory trends and
advocate on behalf of Nuveen and/or the Nuveen funds, to implement and comply with new or revised rules and mandates and to respond to
regulatory inquiries and exams; • Government Relations – continuing efforts of various Nuveen teams and Nuveen’s
affiliates to develop policy positions on a broad range of issues that may impact the Nuveen funds, advocate and communicate these positions
to lawmakers and other regulatory authorities and work with trade associations to ensure these positions are represented; • Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery and Information Security – continuing
efforts of Nuveen to periodically test and update business continuity and disaster recovery plans and, together with its affiliates,
to maintain an information security program designed to identify and manage information security risks, and provide reports to the Board,
at least annually, addressing, among other things, management’s security risk assessment, cyber risk profile, potential impact
of new or revised laws and regulations, incident tracking and other relevant information technology risk-related reports; • Dividend Management Services – continuing to manage the dividends among
the varying types of Nuveen funds within the Nuveen complex to be consistent with the respective fund’s product design and positioning
in striving to deliver those earnings to shareholders in a relatively consistent manner over time as well as assisting in the development
of new products or the restructuring of existing funds; and • with respect specifically to closed-end funds, such continuing services also included: • • Leverage Management Services – continuing to actively manage
the various forms of leverage utilized across the complex, including through committing resources and focusing on sourcing/structure
development and bank provider management, which was key to navigating the respective funds through the COVID-related market volatility
in 2020; • • Capital Management, Market Intelligence and Secondary Market Services –
ongoing capital management efforts through shelf offerings, share repurchases, tender offers and capital return programs as well as providing
market data analysis to help understand closed-end fund ownership cycles and their impact on secondary market trading as well as to improve
proxy solicitation efforts; and • • Closed-end Fund Investor Relations Program – maintaining the
closed-end fund investor relations program which, among other things, raises awareness, provides educational materials and cultivates
advocacy for closed-end funds and the Nuveen closed-end fund product line. In its review, the Board recognized that Nuveen’s risk management,
compliance, technology and operations capabilities are all integral to providing its investment management services to the Nuveen funds.
Further, the Board noted the benefits to shareholders of investing in a Nuveen fund, as each Nuveen fund is a part of a large fund complex
with a variety of investment disciplines, capabilities, expertise and resources available to navigate and support the funds including
during stressed times as occurred in the market in the first half of 2020. The Board recognized the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during
the year and the adaptations required by service providers to continue to deliver their services to the Nuveen funds, including working
remotely. In this regard, the Board noted the ability of the Adviser and the various sub-advisers to the Nuveen funds to provide continuously
their services notwithstanding the significant disruptions caused by the pandemic. In addition to the services provided by the Adviser,
the Board also considered the risks borne by the Adviser and its affiliates in managing the Nuveen funds, including entrepreneurial, operational,
reputational, regulatory and litigation risks. The Board further considered the division of responsibilities between
the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser and recognized that the Sub-Adviser and its investment personnel generally are responsible for the management
of the Fund’s portfolio under the over- 253 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process (continued) sight of the Adviser and the Board. The Board considered an analysis
of the Sub-Adviser provided by the Adviser which included, among other things, the assets under management of the applicable investment
team and changes thereto, a summary of the applicable investment team and changes thereto, the investment process and philosophy of the
applicable investment team, the performance of the Nuveen funds sub-advised by the Sub-Adviser over various periods of time and a summary
of any significant policy and/or other changes to the Nuveen funds sub-advised by the Sub-Adviser. The Board further considered at the
Meetings or prior meetings evaluations of the Sub-Adviser’s compliance programs and trade execution. The Board also considered the
structure of investment personnel compensation programs and whether this structure provides appropriate incentives to act in the best
interests of the respective Nuveen funds. The Board noted that the Adviser recommended the renewal of the Sub-Advisory Agreement. Based on its review, the Board determined, in the exercise of its
reasonable business judgment, that it was satisfied with the nature, extent and quality of services provided to the Fund under each Advisory
Agreement. B. The Investment Performance of the Fund and Fund Advisers In evaluating the quality of the services provided by the Fund Advisers,
the Board also received and considered a variety of investment performance data of the Nuveen funds they advise. In evaluating performance,
the Board recognized that performance data may differ significantly depending on the ending date selected, particularly during periods
of market volatility, and therefore considered performance over a variety of time periods that may include full market cycles. In this
regard, the Board reviewed, among other things, performance of the Nuveen funds over the quarter, one-, three- and five-year periods ending
December 31, 2020 as well as performance data periods ending nearer to the May Meeting, including the quarter, one-, three-and five-year
periods ending March 31, 2021 and May 14, 2021 (or for such shorter periods to the extent the respective fund was not in existence during
such period). The performance data prepared for the annual review of the advisory agreements for the Nuveen funds supplemented the fund
performance data that the Board received throughout the year at its meetings representing differing time periods. In its review, the Board
took into account the discussions with representatives of the Adviser; the Adviser’s analysis regarding fund performance that occurred
at these Board meetings with particular focus on funds that were considered performance outliers (both overperformance and underperformance);
the factors contributing to the performance; and any recommendations or steps taken to address performance concerns. Regardless of the
time period reviewed by the Board, the Board recognized that shareholders may evaluate performance based on their own holding periods
which may differ from the periods reviewed by the Board and lead to differing results. In its review, the Board reviewed both absolute and relative fund
performance during the annual review over the various time periods. With respect to the latter, the Board considered fund performance
in comparison to the performance of peer funds (the “Performance Peer Group” ) and recognized and/or customized
benchmarks ( i.e., generally benchmarks derived from multiple recognized benchmarks). For Nuveen funds that had changes in
portfolio managers since 2018 or significant changes, among other things, to their investment strategies or policies since 2019, the Board
reviewed certain performance data comparing the performance of such funds before and after such changes. In considering performance data,
the Board is aware of certain inherent limitations with such data, including that differences between the objective(s), strategies and
other characteristics of the Nuveen funds compared to the respective Performance Peer Group and/or benchmark(s) (such as differences in
the use of leverage) as well as differences in the composition of the Performance Peer Group over time will necessarily contribute to
differences in performance results and limit the value of the comparative information. To assist the Board in its review of the comparability
of the relative performance, the Adviser has ranked the relevancy of the peer group to the funds as low, medium or high. The Board also evaluated performance in light of various relevant
factors, including, among other things, general market conditions, issuer-specific information, asset class information, leverage and
fund cash flows. In relation to general market conditions, the Board recognized the significant market decline in the early part of 2020
in connection with, among other things, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and that such a period of underperformance and market volatility
may significantly weigh on the 254 Table of Contents longer term performance results. Accordingly, depending on the facts
and circumstances including any differences between the respective Nuveen fund and its benchmark and/or Performance Peer Group, the Board
may be satisfied with a fund’s performance notwithstanding that its performance may be below that of its benchmark or peer group
for certain periods. However, with respect to any Nuveen funds for which the Board had identified performance issues, the Board monitors
such funds closely until performance improves, discusses with the Adviser the reasons for such results, considers whether any steps are
necessary or appropriate to address such issues, and reviews the results of any steps undertaken. The secondary market trading of shares of the Nuveen closed-end
funds continues to be a priority for the Board given its importance to shareholders, and therefore data reflecting the premiums and discounts
at which the shares of the closed-end funds trade during the specified review period are reviewed by the Board during its annual review
and by the Board and/or its Closed-end Fund committee during its respective quarterly meetings throughout the year. The Board continuously
reviews all closed-end fund discounts and the fund’s performance relative to both benchmark(s) and peers. In its review, the Board
considers, among other things, changes to investment mandates and guidelines, enhanced and attractive distribution policies, leverage
levels and types, fund reorganizations, share repurchases and similar capital market actions and effective communications programs to
build greater awareness and deepen understanding of closed-end funds. The Board noted that the Fund outperformed its benchmark and ranked
in the first quartile of its Performance Peer Group for the quarter-to-date periods ended December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021 and year-to-date
period ended May 14, 2021. In its review, the Board recognized that the Performance Peer Group was classified as low for relevancy. The
Board noted that the Fund was new with a performance history too limited to make a meaningful assessment of performance. Nevertheless,
the Board was satisfied with the Fund’s overall performance. C. Fees, Expenses and Profitability 1. Fees and Expenses As part of its annual review, the Board considered the contractual
management fee and net management fee (the management fee after taking into consideration fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, if
any) paid by a Nuveen fund to the Adviser in light of the nature, extent and quality of the services provided. The Board also considered
the total operating expense ratio of each fund before and after any fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements. More specifically, the
Independent Board Members reviewed, among other things, each fund’s gross and net management fee rates ( i.e., before
and after expense reimbursements and/or fee waivers, if any) and net total expense ratio in relation to those of a comparable universe
of funds (the “Peer Universe” ) established by Broadridge (subject to certain exceptions). The Independent Board
Members reviewed the methodology Broadridge employed to establish a Peer Universe and recognized that differences between the applicable
fund and its respective Peer Universe as well as changes to the composition of the Peer Universe from year to year may limit some of the
value of the comparative data. The Independent Board Members also considered a fund’s operating expense ratio as it more directly
reflected the shareholder’s costs in investing in the respective fund. In their review, the Independent Board Members considered, in particular,
each fund with a net expense ratio (excluding investment-related costs of leverage) of six basis points or higher compared to that of
its peer average (each, an “Expense Outlier Fund” ) and an analysis as to the factors contributing to each such
fund’s higher relative net expense ratio. In addition, although the Board reviewed a fund’s total net expenses both including
and excluding investment-related expenses ( i.e., leverage costs) and taxes for certain of the closed-end funds, the Board
recognized that leverage expenses will vary across funds and in comparison to peers because of differences in the forms and terms of leverage
employed by the respective fund. Accordingly, in reviewing the comparative data between a fund and its peers, the Board generally considered
the fund’s net expense ratio and fees (excluding leverage costs and leveraged assets) to be higher if they were over 10 basis points
higher, slightly higher if they were 6 to 10 basis points higher, in line if they were within approximately 5 basis points higher than
the peer average and 255 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process (continued) below if they were below the peer average of the Peer Universe.
The Independent Board Members also considered, in relevant part, a fund’s net management fee and net total expense ratio in light
of its performance history. In their review of the fee arrangements for the Nuveen funds, the
Independent Board Members considered the management fee schedules, including the complex-wide and fund-level breakpoint schedules. The
Board noted that across the Nuveen fund complex, the complex-wide fee breakpoints reduced fees by approximately $58.4 million and fund-level
breakpoints reduced fees by approximately $69.6 million in 2020. With respect to the Sub-Adviser, the Board also considered the sub-advisory
fee schedule paid to the Sub-Adviser in light of the sub-advisory services provided to the Fund, the breakpoint schedule and comparative
data of the fees the Sub-Adviser charges to other clients, if any. In its review, the Board recognized that the compensation paid to the
Sub-Adviser is the responsibility of the Adviser, not the Fund. The Independent Board Members noted that the Fund had a net management
fee and a net expense ratio below the respective peer average. Based on its review of the information provided, the Board determined
that the Fund’s management fees (as applicable) to a Fund Adviser were reasonable in light of the nature, extent and quality of
services provided to the Fund. 2. Comparisons with the Fees of Other Clients In determining the appropriateness of fees, the Board also considered
information regarding the fee rates the respective Fund Advisers charged to certain other types of clients and the type of services provided
to these other clients. With respect to the Adviser and/or the Sub-Adviser, such other clients may include retail and institutional managed
accounts, passively managed exchange-traded funds ( “ETFs” ) sub-advised by the Sub-Adviser that are offered by another
fund complex and municipal managed accounts offered by an unaffiliated adviser. With respect to the Sub-Adviser, the Board reviewed, among
other things, the fee range and average fee of municipal retail advisory accounts and municipal institutional accounts as well as the
sub-advisory fee the Sub-Adviser received for serving as sub-adviser to passive ETFs offered outside the Nuveen family. In considering the fee data of other clients, the Board recognized,
among other things, the differences in the amount, type and level of services provided to the Nuveen funds relative to other clients as
well as the differences in portfolio investment policies, investor profiles, account sizes and regulatory requirements, all of which contribute
to the variations in the fee schedules. The Board recognized the breadth of services the Adviser had provided to the Nuveen funds compared
to the other types of clients as the funds operate in a highly regulated industry with increasing regulatory requirements as well as the
increased entrepreneurial, legal and regulatory risks that the Adviser incurs in sponsoring and managing the funds. Further, with respect
to ETFs, the Board considered that Nuveen ETFs were passively managed compared to the active management of the other Nuveen funds which
contributed to the differences in fee levels between the Nuveen ETFs and other Nuveen funds. In general, higher fee levels reflect higher
levels of service provided by the Adviser, increased investment management complexity, greater product management requirements, and higher
levels of business risk or some combination of these factors. The Board further considered that the Sub-Adviser’s fee is essentially
for portfolio management services and therefore more comparable to the fees it receives for retail wrap accounts and other external sub-advisory
mandates. The Board concluded the varying levels of fees were justified given, among other things, the inherent differences in the products
and the level of services provided to the Nuveen funds versus other clients, the differing regulatory requirements and legal liabilities
and the entrepreneurial, legal and regulatory risks incurred in sponsoring and advising a registered investment company. 3. Profitability of Fund Advisers In their review, the Independent Board Members considered information
regarding Nuveen’s level of profitability for its advisory services to the Nuveen funds for the calendar years 2020 and 2019. The
Board reviewed, among other things, Nuveen’s net margins (pre-tax) (both including and excluding distribution expenses); gross and
net revenue margins (pre- and post-tax and excluding distribution) from Nuveen funds only; revenues, expenses and net income (pre- and
post-tax and before distribution 256 Table of Contents expenses) of Nuveen for fund advisory services; and comparative
profitability data comparing the operating margins of Nuveen compared to the adjusted operating margins of certain peers that had publicly
available data and with the most comparable assets under management (based on asset size and asset composition) for each of the last two
calendar years. In reviewing the peer comparison data, the Independent Board Members noted that Nuveen Investments, Inc.’s operating
margins were on the low range compared to the total company adjusted operating margins of the peers. The Board also reviewed the revenues
and expenses the Adviser derived from its ETF product line for the 2019 and 2020 calendar years. In reviewing the profitability data, the Independent Board Members
recognized the subjective nature of calculating profitability as the information is not audited and is dependent on cost allocation methodologies
to allocate corporate-wide expenses to the Nuveen complex and its affiliates and to further allocate such Nuveen complex expenses between
the Nuveen fund and non-fund businesses. Generally, fund-specific expenses are allocated to the Nuveen funds and partial fund-related
expenses and/or corporate overhead and shared costs (such as legal and compliance, accounting and finance, information technology and
human resources and office services) are partially attributed to the funds pursuant to cost allocation methodologies. The Independent
Board Members reviewed a description of the cost allocation methodologies employed to develop the financial information, a summary of
the history of changes to the methodology over the years from 2010 to 2020, and the net revenue margins derived from the Nuveen funds
(pre-tax and including and excluding distribution) and total company margins from Nuveen Investments, Inc. compared to the firm-wide adjusted
margins of the peers for each calendar year from 2010 to 2020. The Board had also appointed three Independent Board Members to serve as
the Board’s liaisons, with the assistance of independent counsel, to review the development of the profitability data and any proposed
changes to the cost allocation methodology prior to incorporating any such changes and to report to the full Board. The Board recognized
that other reasonable and valid allocation methodologies could be employed and could lead to significantly different results. The Independent
Board Members also considered the key drivers behind the revenue and expense changes that impacted Nuveen’s net margins between
2019 and 2020. The Board also noted the reinvestments Nuveen and/or its parent made into its business through, among other things, the
investment of seed capital in certain Nuveen funds and continued investments in enhancements to information technology, portfolio accounting
systems and the global trading platform. In reviewing the comparative peer data noted above, the Board considered
that the operating margins of Nuveen Investments, Inc. were in the lower half of the peer group range; however, the Independent Board
Members also recognized the limitations of the comparative data given that peer data is not generally public and the calculation of profitability
is subjective and affected by numerous factors (such as types of funds a peer manages, its business mix, its cost of capital, the numerous
assumptions underlying the methodology used to allocate expenses and other factors) that can have a significant impact on the results. Aside from Nuveen’s profitability, the Board recognized that
the Adviser is a subsidiary of Nuveen, LLC, the investment management arm of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America ( “TIAA” ).
Accordingly, the Board also reviewed a balance sheet for TIAA reflecting its assets, liabilities and capital and contingency reserves
for the 2020 and 2019 calendar years to consider the financial strength of TIAA. The Board recognized the benefit of an investment adviser
and its parent with significant resources, particularly during periods of market volatility as experienced with the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to Nuveen, the Independent Board Members considered
the profitability of the Sub-Adviser from its relationships with the Nuveen funds. In this regard, the Independent Board Members reviewed,
among other things, the Sub-Adviser’s revenues, expenses and net revenue margins (pre- and post-tax) for its advisory activities
for the calendar year ended December 31, 2020 as well as its pre- and post-tax net revenue margins for 2020 compared to such margins for
2019. The Independent Board Members also reviewed a profitability analysis reflecting the revenues, expenses and revenue margin (pre-
and post-tax) by asset type for the Sub-Adviser for the calendar year ending December 31, 2020 and the pre- and post-tax revenue margins
from 2020 and 2019. 257 Table of Contents Annual Investment Management Agreement Approval Process (continued) In evaluating the reasonableness of the compensation, the Independent
Board Members also considered any other ancillary benefits derived by the respective Fund Adviser from its relationship with the Nuveen
funds as discussed in further detail below. Based on a consideration of all the information provided, the Board
noted that Nuveen’s and the Sub-Adviser’s level of profitability was acceptable and not unreasonable in light of the services
provided. D. Economies of Scale and Whether Fee Levels Reflect These Economies
of Scale The Board considered whether there have been economies of scale
with respect to the management of the Nuveen funds and whether these economies of scale have been appropriately shared with the funds.
The Board recognized that although economies of scale are difficult to measure and certain expenses may not decline with a rise in assets,
there are several methods to help share the benefits of economies of scale, including breakpoints in the management fee schedule, fee
waivers and/or expense limitations, the pricing of Nuveen funds at scale at inception and investments in Nuveen’s business which
can enhance the services provided to the funds for the fees paid. The Board noted that Nuveen generally has employed these various methods,
and the Board considered the extent to which the Nuveen funds will benefit from economies of scale as their assets grow. In this regard,
the Board noted that the management fee of the Adviser is generally comprised of a fund-level component and a complex-level component
each with its own breakpoint schedule, subject to certain exceptions. The Board reviewed the fund-level and complex-level fee schedules.
The Board considered that the fund-level breakpoint schedules are designed to share economies of scale with shareholders if the particular
fund grows, and the complex-level breakpoint schedule is designed to deliver the benefits of economies of scale to shareholders when the
eligible assets in the complex pass certain thresholds even if the assets of a particular fund are unchanged or have declined. With respect
to the Nuveen closed-end funds, the Independent Board Members noted that, although such funds may from time to time make additional share
offerings, the growth of their assets would occur primarily through the appreciation of such funds’ investment portfolios. Further,
in the calculation of the complex-level component, the Board noted that it had approved the acquisition of several Nuveen funds by similar
TIAA-CREF funds in 2019. However, to mitigate the loss of the assets of these Nuveen funds deemed eligible to be included in the calculation
of the complex-wide fee when these Nuveen funds left the complex upon acquisition, Nuveen agreed to credit approximately $604.5 million
to assets under management to the Nuveen complex in calculating the complex-wide component. The Independent Board Members also recognized the Adviser’s
continued reinvestment in its business through various initiatives including maintaining a seed account available for investments into
Nuveen funds and investing in its internal infrastructure, information technology and other systems that will, among other things, consolidate
and enhance accounting systems, integrate technology platforms to support growth and efficient data processing, and further develop its
global trading platform to enhance the investment process for the investment teams. Based on its review, the Board concluded that the current fee arrangements
together with the Adviser’s reinvestment in its business appropriately shared any economies of scale with shareholders. E. Indirect Benefits The Independent Board Members received and considered information
regarding other benefits the respective Fund Adviser or its affiliates may receive as a result of their relationship with the Nuveen funds.
The Board considered the compensation that an affiliate of the Adviser received for serving as co-manager in the initial public offerings
of new closed-end funds and for serving as an underwriter on shelf offerings of existing closed-end funds. In addition, the Independent
Board Members also noted that various sub-advisers (including the Sub-Adviser) may engage in soft dollar transactions pursuant to which
they may receive the benefit of research products and other services provided by broker-dealers executing portfolio transactions on behalf
of the applicable Nuveen funds. However, the Board noted that any benefits for the Sub-Adviser when transacting in fixed-income securities
may be more limited as such securities generally trade on a principal basis and therefore do not generate brokerage commissions. 258 Table of Contents Based on its review, the Board concluded that any indirect benefits
received by a Fund Adviser as a result of its relationship with the Fund were reasonable and within acceptable parameters. F. Other Considerations The Board Members did not identify any single factor discussed previously
as all-important or controlling. The Board Members, including the Independent Board Members, concluded that the terms of each Advisory
Agreement were fair and reasonable, that the respective Fund Adviser’s fees were reasonable in light of the services provided to
the Fund and that the Advisory Agreements be renewed. 259 Table of Contents Board Members & Officers (Unaudited) The management of the Funds, including general supervision of the
duties performed for the Funds by the Adviser, is the responsibility of the Board of Trustees of the Funds. None of the trustees who are
not “interested” persons of the Funds (referred to herein as “independent board members”) has ever been a director
or employee of, or consultant to, Nuveen or its affiliates. The names and business addresses of the trustees and officers of the Funds,
their principal occupations and other affiliations during the past five years, the number of portfolios each Trustee oversees and other
directorships they hold are set forth below. Name, Position(s)
    Held Year
    First Principal Number Year
    of Birth with
    the Funds Elected
    or Occupation(s) of
    Portfolios &
    Address Appointed Including
    other in
    Fund Complex and
    Term (1) Directorships Overseen
    by During
    Past 5 Years Board
    Member Independent
    Board Members: • TERENCE
    J. TOTH Formerly,
    a Co-Founding Partner, Promus Capital (investment advisory 1959 firm)
    (2008-2017); Director, Quality Control Corporation (manufacturing) 333
    W. Wacker Drive Chairman
    and 2008 (since
    2012); member: Catalyst Schools of Chicago Board (since 2008) 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Board
    Member Class
    II and
    Mather Foundation Board (philanthropy) (since 2012), and chair of its
    Investment Committee; formerly, Director, Fulcrum IT Services LLC (information
    technology services firm to government entities) (2010-2019); formerly,
    Director, LogicMark LLC (health services) (2012-2016); formerly, Director,
    Legal & General Investment Management America, Inc. (asset management)
    (2008-2013); formerly, CEO and President, Northern Trust Global
    Investments (financial services) (2004-2007): Executive Vice President,
    Quantitative Management & Securities Lending (2000-2004); prior
    thereto, various positions with Northern Trust Company (financial services)
    (since 1994); formerly, Member, Northern Trust Mutual Funds Board
    (2005-2007), Northern Trust Global Investments Board (2004-2007), Northern
    Trust Japan Board (2004-2007), Northern Trust Securities Inc. Board
    (2003-2007) and Northern Trust Hong Kong Board (1997-2004). • JACK
    B. EVANS Chairman
    (since 2019), formerly, President (1996-2019), The Hall-Perrine 1948 Foundation,
    (private philanthropic corporation); Life Trustee of Coe College; 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 1999 formerly,
    Member and President Pro-Tem of the Board of Regents for the 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    III State
    of Iowa University System (2007- 2013); Director and Chairman (2009-2021),
    United Fire Group, a publicly held company; Director, Public
    Member, American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery (2015-2020); Director
    (2000-2004), Alliant Energy; Director (1996-2015), The Gazette
    Company (media and publishing); Director (1997- 2003), Federal Reserve
    Bank of Chicago; President and Chief Operating Officer (1972-1995), SCI
    Financial Group, Inc., (regional financial services firm). • WILLIAM
    C. HUNTER Dean
    Emeritus, formerly, Dean, Tippie College of Business, University of 1948 (2006-2012);
    Director of Wellmark, Inc. (since 2009); past Director (2005- 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 2003 2015),
    and past President (2010-2014) Beta Gamma Sigma, Inc., The 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    I International
    Business Honor Society; formerly, Director (2004-2018) of Xerox
    Corporation; formerly, Dean and Distinguished Professor of Finance, School
    of Business at the University of Connecticut (2003-2006); previously, Senior
    Vice President and Director of Research at the Federal Reserve Bank of
    Chicago (1995-2003); formerly, Director (1997-2007), Credit Research Center
    at Georgetown University. • AMY
    B. R. LANCELLOTTA Formerly,
    Managing Director, Independent Directors Council (IDC) (supports 1959 the
    fund independent director community and is part of the Investment 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 2021 Company
    Institute (ICI), which represents regulated investment companies) 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    II (2006-2019);
    formerly, various positions with ICI (1989-2006); Member of the
    Board of Directors, Jewish Coalition Against Domestic Abuse (JCADA) (since
    2020). 260 Table of Contents Name, Position(s)
    Held Year
    First Principal Number Year
    of Birth with
    the Funds Elected
    or Occupation(s) of
    Portfolios &
    Address Appointed Including
    other in
    Fund Complex and
    Term (1) Directorships Overseen
    by During
    Past 5 Years Board
    Member Independent
    Board Members (continued): • JOANNE
    T. MEDERO Formerly,
    Managing Director, Government Relations and Public Policy 1954 (2009-2020)
    and Senior Advisor to the Vice Chairman (2018-2020), 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 2021 BlackRock,
    Inc. (global investment management firm); formerly, Managing 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    III (Director,
    Global Head of Government Relations and Public Policy, Barclays Group
    (IBIM) (investment banking, investment management and wealth management
    businesses) (2006-2009); formerly, Managing Director, Global
    General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Barclays Global Investors (global
    investment management firm) (1996-2006); formerly, Partner, Orrick, Herrington
    & Sutcliffe LLP (law firm) (1993-1995); formerly, General Counsel, Commodity
    Futures Trading Commission (government agency overseeing U.S. derivatives
    markets) (1989-1993); formerly, Deputy Associate Director/ Associate Director
    for Legal and Financial Affairs, Office of Presidential Personnel, The White
    House (1986-1989); Member of the Board of Directors, Baltic-American Freedom
    Foundation (seeks to provide opportunities for citizens of the Baltic states
    to gain education and professional development through exchanges in the
    U.S.) (since 2019). • ALBIN
    F. MOSCHNER Founder
    and Chief Executive Officer, Northcroft Partners, LLC, 1952 (management
    consulting) (since 2012); formerly, Chairman (2019), and 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 2016 Director
    (2012-2019), USA Technologies, Inc., (provider of solutions 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    III and
    services to facilitate electronic payment transactions); formerly, Director,
    Wintrust Financial Corporation (1996-2016); previously, held positions
    at Leap Wireless International, Inc., (consumer wireless services) including
    Consultant (2011- 2012), Chief Operating Officer (2008-2011), and Chief
    Marketing Officer (2004- 2008); formerly, President, Verizon Card Services
    division of Verizon Communications, Inc. (2000-2003); formerly, President,
    One Point Services at One Point Communications (telecommunication
    services) (1999-2000); formerly, Vice Chairman of the Board,
    Diba, Incorporated (internet technology provider) (1996-1997); formerly,
    various executive positions (1991-1996) including Chief Executive Officer
    (1995-1996) of Zenith Electronics Corporation (consumer electronics). • JOHN
    K. NELSON Member
    of Board of Directors of Core12 LLC. (private firm which 1962 develops
    branding, marketing and communications strategies for 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 2013 clients)
    (since 2008); served on The President’s Council of Fordham 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    II University
    (2010-2019) and previously a Director of the Curran Center for
    Catholic American Studies (2009- 2018); formerly, senior external advisor
    to the Financial Services practice of Deloitte Consulting LLP. (2012-2014);
    former Chair of the Board of Trustees of Marian University (2010-2014
    as trustee, 2011-2014 as Chair); formerly Chief Executive Officer
    of ABN AMRO Bank N.V., North America, and Global Head of the Financial
    Markets Division (2007-2008), with various executive leadership roles
    in ABN AMRO Bank N.V. between 1996 and 2007. • JUDITH
    M. STOCKDALE Board
    Member, Land Trust Alliance (national public charity addressing 1947 natural
    land and water conservation in the U.S.) (since 2013); formerly, 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 1997 Board
    Member, U.S. Endowment for Forestry and Communities (national 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    I endowment
    addressing forest health, sustainable forest production and markets,
    and economic health of forest-reliant communities in the U.S.) (2013-2019);
    formerly, Executive Director (1994-2012), Gaylord and Dorothy Donnelley
    Foundation (private foundation endowed to support both natural land
    conservation and artistic vitality); prior thereto, Executive Director, Great
    Lakes Protection Fund (endowment created jointly by seven of the eight Great
    Lake states’ Governors to take a regional approach to improving the health
    of the Great Lakes) (1990-1994). 261 Table of Contents Board Members & Officers (Unaudited) (continued) Name, Position(s)
    Held Year
    First Principal Number Year
    of Birth with
    the Funds Elected
    or Occupation(s) of
    Portfolios &
    Address Appointed Including
    other in
    Fund Complex and
    Term (1) Directorships Overseen
    by During
    Past 5 Years Board
    Member Independent
    Board Members (continued): • CAROLE
    E. STONE Former
    Director, Chicago Board Options Exchange, Inc. (2006-2017); 1947 and
    C2 Options Exchange, Incorporated (2009-2017); formerly Director, 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 2007 Cboe,
    Global Markets, Inc., (2010-2020) formerly named CBOE Holdings, 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    I Inc.;
    formerly, Commissioner, New York State Commission on Public
    Authority Reform (2005-2010). • MATTHEW
    THORNTON III Formerly,
    Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 1958 FedEx
    Freight Corporation, a subsidiary of FedEx Corporation (“FedEx”) 333
    West Wacker Drive Board
    Member 2020 (provider
    of transportation, e-commerce and business services through its 142 Chicago,
    IL 60606 Class
    III portfolio
    of companies); formerly, Senior Vice President, U.S. Operations (2006-2018),
    Federal Express Corporation, a subsidiary of FedEx; formerly, Member
    of the Board of Directors (2012-2018), Safe Kids Worldwide ® (a non-profit
    organization dedicated to preventing childhood injuries). Member
    of the Board of Directors (since 2014), The Sherwin-Williams Company
    (develops, manufactures, distributes and sells paints, coatings and
    related products); Director (since 2020), Crown Castle International (provider
    of communications infrastructure) • MARGARET
    L. WOLFF Formerly,
    member of the Board of Directors (2013-2017) of Travelers 1955 Insurance
    Company of Canada and The Dominion of Canada General 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 2016 Insurance
    Company (each, a part of Travelers Canada, the Canadian Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    I operation
    of The Travelers Companies, Inc.); formerly, Of Counsel, 142 Skadden,
    Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (legal services, Mergers & Acquisitions
    Group) (2005-2014); Member of the Board of Trustees of New
    York-Presbyterian Hospital (since 2005); Member (since 2004) and Chair
    (since 2015) of the Board of Trustees of The John A. Hartford Foundation
    (philanthropy dedicated to improving the care of older adults);
    formerly, Member (2005-2015) and Vice Chair (2011-2015) of the Board
    of Trustees of Mt. Holyoke College. • ROBERT
    L. YOUNG Formerly,
    Chief Operating Officer and Director, J.P.Morgan Investment 1963 Management
    Inc. (financial services) (2010-2016); formerly, President 333
    W. Wacker Drive Board
    Member 2017 and
    Principal Executive Officer (2013-2016), and Senior Vice President 142 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Class
    II and
    Chief Operating Officer (2005-2010), of J.P.Morgan Funds; formerly, Director
    and various officer positions for J.P.Morgan Investment Management
    Inc. (formerly, JPMorgan Funds Management, Inc. and formerly,
    One Group Administrative Services) and JPMorgan Distribution Services,
    Inc. (financial services) (formerly, One Group Dealer Services, Inc.)
    (1999-2017). 262 Table of Contents Name, Position(s)
    Held Year
    First Principal Year
    of Birth with
    the Funds Elected
    or Occupation(s) &
    Address Appointed (2) During
    Past 5 Years Officers
    of the Funds: • DAVID
    J. LAMB Managing
    Director of Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC (since 2019) Senior Managing Director 1963 Chief (since
    2021), formerly, Managing Director (2020-2021) of Nuveen Securities, LLC; Senior 333
    W. Wacker Drive Administrative 2015 Managing
    Director (since 2021), formerly, Managing Director (2017-2021), Senior Vice President Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Officer of
    Nuveen (2006-2017), Vice President prior to 2006. • MARK
    J. CZARNIECKI Vice
    President and Assistant Secretary of Nuveen Securities, LLC (since 2016) and Nuveen Fund 1979 Vice
    President Advisors
    (since 2017); Vice President and Associate General Counsel of Nuveen (since 2013) and 901
    Marquette Avenue and
    Assistant 2013 Vice
    President, Assistant Secretary and Associate General Counsel of Nuveen Asset Management Minneapolis,
    MN 55402 Secretary LLC
    (since 2018). • DIANA
    R. GONZALEZ Vice
    President and Assistant Secretary of Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC (since 2017); Vice 1978 Vice
    President President
    and Associate General Counsel of Nuveen (since 2017); formerly, Associate General 333
    W. Wacker Drive and
    Assistant 2017 Counsel
    of Jackson National Asset Management (2012-2017). Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Secretary • NATHANIEL
    T. JONES Senior
    Managing Director (since 2021), formerly, Managing Director (2017-2021), Senior Vice 1979 President
    (2016-2017), Vice President (2011-2016) of Nuveen; Managing Director 333
    W. Wacker Drive Vice
    President (since
    2015) of Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC; Chartered Financial Analyst. Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 and
    Treasurer 2016 • TINA
    M. LAZAR Managing
    Director (since 2017), formerly, Senior Vice President (2014-2017) of Nuveen 1961 Securities,
    LLC. 333
    W. Wacker Drive Vice
    President 2002 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 • BRIAN
    J. LOCKHART Managing
    Director (since 2019) of Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC; Senior Managing Director (since 1974 2021),
    formerly, Managing Director (2017-2021), Vice President (2010-2017) of Nuveen; Head 333
    W. Wacker Drive Vice
    President 2019 of
    Investment Oversight (since 2017), formerly, Team Leader of Manager Oversight (2015-2017); Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Chartered
    Financial Analyst and Certified Financial Risk Manager. • JACQUES
    M. LONGERSTAEY Senior
    Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer, Nuveen (since May 2019); Senior Managing 1963 Director
    (since May 2019) of Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC; formerly, Chief Investment and Model 8500
    Andrew Vice
    President 2019 Risk
    Officer, Wealth & Investment Management Division, Wells Fargo Bank (NA) (2013-2019). Carnegie
    Blvd. Charlotte,
    NC 28262 • KEVIN
    J. MCCARTHY Senior
    Managing Director (since 2017) and Secretary and General Counsel (since 2016) of Nuveen 1966 Vice
    President Investments,
    Inc., formerly, Executive Vice President (2016-2017) and Managing Director and 333
    W. Wacker Drive and
    Assistant 2007 Assistant
    Secretary (2008-2016); Senior Managing Director (since 2017) and Assistant Secretary Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Secretary (since
    2008) of Nuveen Securities, LLC, formerly Executive Vice President (2016-2017) and Managing
    Director (2008- 2016); Senior Managing Director (since 2017), and Secretary (since 2016)
    of Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC, formerly, Co-General Counsel (2011-2020), Executive Vice President
    (2016-2017), Managing Director (2008-2016) and Assistant Secretary (2007-2016); Senior Managing
    Director (since 2017), Secretary (since 2016) of Nuveen Asset Management, LLC, formerly,
    Associate General Counsel (2011-2020), Executive Vice President (2016-2017) and Managing
    Director and Assistant Secretary (2011- 2016); Vice President (since 2007) and Secretary (since
    2016), formerly, Assistant Secretary, of NWQ Investment Management Company, LLC, Santa Barbara
    Asset Management, LLC and Winslow Capital Management, LLC (since 2010). Senior Managing
    Director (since 2017) and Secretary (since 2016) of Nuveen Alternative Investments, LLC. • JON
    SCOTT MEISSNER Managing
    Director of Mutual Fund Tax and Financial Reporting groups at Nuveen (since 2017); 1973 Vice
    President Managing
    Director of Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC (since 2019); Senior Director of Teachers 8500
    Andrew and
    Assistant 2019 Advisors,
    LLC and TIAA-CREF Investment Management, LLC (since 2016); Senior Director (since Carnegie
    Blvd. Secretary 2015)
    Mutual Fund Taxation to the TIAA-CREF Funds, the TIAA-CREF Life Funds, the TIAA Separate Charlotte,
    NC 28262 Account
    VA-1 and the CREF Accounts; has held various positions with TIAA since 2004. 263 Table of Contents Board Members & Officers (Unaudited) (continued) Name, Position(s)
    Held Year
    First Principal Year
    of Birth with
    the Funds Elected
    or Occupation(s) &
    Address Appointed (2) During
    Past 5 Years Officers
    of the Funds (continued): • DEANN
    D. MORGAN President,
    Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC (since 2020); Executive Vice President, Global Head 1969 of
    Product at Nuveen (since 2019); Co-Chief Executive Officer of Nuveen Securities, LLC since 730
    Third Avenue Vice
    President 2020 2020);
    Managing Member of MDR Collaboratory LLC (since 2018); formerly, Managing Director, New
    York, NY 10017 (Head
    of Wealth Management Product Structuring & COO Multi Asset Investing. The Blackstone Group
    (2013-2017). • CHRISTOPHER
    M. ROHRBACHER Managing
    Director and Assistant Secretary (since 2017) of Nuveen Securities, LLC; Managing 1971 Vice
    President Director
    (since 2017) General Counsel (since 2020), and Assistant Secretary (since 2016), formerly, 333
    W. Wacker Drive and
    Assistant 2008 Senior
    Vice President (2016-2017), of Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC; Managing Director, Associate Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 Secretary General
    Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Nuveen Asset Management, LLC (since 2020); Managing
    Director (since 2017), and Associate General Counsel (since 2016), formerly, Senior Vice President
    (2012-2017) and Assistant General Counsel (2008-2016) of Nuveen. • WILLIAM
    A. SIFFERMANN Managing
    Director (since 2017), formerly Senior Vice President (2016-2017) and Vice President 1975 (2011-2016)
    of Nuveen. 333
    W. Wacker Drive Vice
    President 2017 Chicago,
    IL 6o6o6 • E.
    SCOTT WICKERHAM Senior
    Managing Director, Head of Public Investment Finance at Nuveen (since 2019), formerly, 1973 Vice
    President Managing
    Director; Senior Managing Director (since 2019) of Nuveen Fund Advisers, (LLC; 8500
    Andrew and
    Controller 2019 Principal
    Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer (since 2017) of the TIAA- Carnegie
    Blvd. CREF
    Funds, the TIAA-CREF Life Funds, the TIAA Separate Account VA-1 and Principal Financial Charlotte,
    NC 28262 Officer,
    Principal Accounting Officer (since 2020) and Treasurer (since 2017) to the CREF Accounts; formerly,
    Senior Director, TIAA-CREF Fund Administration (2014-2015); has held various positions with
    TIAA since 2006. • MARK
    L. WINGET Vice
    President and Assistant Secretary of Nuveen Securities, LLC (since 2008), and Nuveen Fund 1968 Vice
    President Advisors,
    LLC (since 2019); Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of 333
    W. Wacker Drive and
    Secretary 2008 Nuveen
    Asset Management, LLC (since 2020); Vice President (since 2010) and Associate General Chicago,
    IL 60606 Counsel
    (since 2019), formerly, Assistant General Counsel (2008-2016) of Nuveen. • GIFFORD
    R. ZIMMERMAN Formerly,
    Managing Director (2002-2020) and Assistant Secretary (2002-2020) of Nuveen 1956 Vice
    President Securities,
    LLC; formerly, Managing Director (2002-2020), Assistant Secretary (1997-2020) and 333
    W. Wacker Drive and
    Chief 1988 Co-General
    Counsel (2011- 2020) of Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC; formerly, Managing Director Chicago,
    IL 60606 Compliance
    Officer (2004-2020)
    and Assistant Secretary (1994-2020) of Nuveen Investments, Inc.; formerly, Managing Director,
    Assistant Secretary and Associate General Counsel of Nuveen Asset Management, LLC (2011-2020);
    formerly, Vice President and Assistant Secretary of NWQ Investment Management Company,
    LLC (2002-2020), Santa Barbara Asset Management, LLC (2006-2020) and Winslow Capital
    Management, LLC (2010-2020); Chartered Financial Analyst. (1) The Board of Trustees is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II, and Class III, with
each being elected to serve until the third succeeding annual shareholders’ meeting subsequent to its election or thereafter in
each case when its respective successors are duly elected or appointed, except two board members are elected by the holders of Preferred
Shares, when applicable, to serve until the next annual shareholders’ meeting subsequent to its election or thereafter in each
case when its respective successors are duly elected or appointed. The year first elected or appointed represents the year in which the
board member was first elected or appointed to any fund in the Nuveen complex. (2) Officers serve indefinite terms until their successor has been duly elected and qualified,
their death or their resignation or removal. The year first elected or appointed represents the year in which the Officer was first elected
or appointed to any fund in the Nuveen complex. 264 Table of Contents Notes 265 Notes 266 Notes 267 Notes 268 Notes 269 Notes 270 Notes 271 Nuveen: Serving Investors for Generations Since 1898, financial professionals and their clients have relied on Nuveen
to provide dependable investment solutions through continued adherence to proven, long-term investing principles. Today, we offer a range
of high quality solutions designed to be integral components of a well-diversified core portfolio. Focused on meeting investor needs. Nuveen is the investment manager of TIAA. We have grown into one of the
world’s premier global asset managers, with specialist knowledge across all major asset classes and particular strength in solutions
that provide income for investors and that draw on our expertise in alternatives and responsible investing. Nuveen is driven not only
by the independent investment processes across the firm, but also the insights, risk management, analytics and other tools and resources
that a truly world-class platform provides. As a global asset manager, our mission is to work in partnership with our clients to create
solutions which help them secure their financial future. Find out how we can help you. To learn more about how the products and services of Nuveen may be able
to help you meet your financial goals, talk to your financial professional, or call us at (800) 257-8787. Please read the information
provided carefully before you invest. Investors should consider the investment objective and policies, risk considerations, charges and
expenses of any investment carefully. Where applicable, be sure to obtain a prospectus, which contains this and other relevant information.
To obtain a prospectus, please contact your securities representative or Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Dr., Chicago, IL 60606. Please read the
prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. Learn more about
Nuveen Funds at: www.nuveen.com/closed-end-funds Nuveen Securities, LLC, member FINRA and SIPC | 333 West Wacker
Drive Chicago, IL 60606 | www.nuveen.com EAN-C-1021D 1936999-INV-Y-12/22 ITEM 2. CODE OF ETHICS. As of the end of the period covered by this report, the registrant has adopted
a code of ethics that applies to the registrant’s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. There were no amendments to or waivers from the Code during the period
covered by this report. The registrant has posted the code of ethics on its website at www.nuveen.com/fund-governance. (To view the code,
click on Code of Conduct.) ITEM 3. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT. As of the end of the period covered by this report, the registrant’s
Board of Directors or Trustees (“Board”) determined that the registrant has at least one “audit committee financial
expert” (as defined in Item 3 of Form N-CSR) serving on its Audit Committee. The registrant’s audit committee financial experts
are Carole E. Stone, Jack B. Evans, William C. Hunter and Albin F. Moschner, who are “independent” for purposes of Item
3 of Form N-CSR. Ms. Stone served for five years as Director of the New York State Division
of the Budget. As part of her role as Director, Ms. Stone was actively involved in overseeing the development of the State’s operating,
local assistance and capital budgets, its financial plan and related documents; overseeing the development of the State’s bond-related
disclosure documents and certifying that they fairly presented the State’s financial position; reviewing audits of various State
and local agencies and programs; and coordinating the State’s system of internal audit and control. Prior to serving as Director,
Ms. Stone worked as a budget analyst/examiner with increasing levels of responsibility over a 30 year period, including approximately
five years as Deputy Budget Director. Ms. Stone has also served as Chair of the New York State Racing Association Oversight Board, as
Chair of the Public Authorities Control Board, as a Commissioner on the New York State Commission on Public Authority Reform and as a
member of the Boards of Directors of several New York State public authorities. These positions have involved overseeing operations and
finances of certain entities and assessing the adequacy of project/entity financing and financial reporting. Currently, Ms. Stone is on
the Board of Directors of CBOE Holdings, Inc., of the Chicago Board Options Exchange, and of C2 Options Exchange. Ms. Stone’s position
on the boards of these entities and as a member of both CBOE Holdings’ Audit Committee and its Finance Committee has involved, among
other things, the oversight of audits, audit plans and preparation of financial statements. Mr. Evans was formerly President and Chief Operating Officer of SCI Financial
Group, Inc., a full service registered broker-dealer and registered investment adviser (“SCI”). As part of his role as President
and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Evans actively supervised the Chief Financial Officer (the “CFO”) and actively supervised
the CFO’s preparation of financial statements and other filings with various regulatory authorities. In such capacity, Mr. Evans
was actively involved in the preparation of SCI’s financial statements and the resolution of issues raised in connection therewith.
Mr. Evans has also served on the audit committee of various reporting companies. At such companies, Mr. Evans was involved in the oversight
of audits, audit plans, and the preparation of financial statements. Mr. Evans also formerly chaired the audit committee of the Federal
Reserve Bank of Chicago. Mr. Hunter was formerly a Senior Vice President at the Federal Reserve Bank
of Chicago. As part of his role as Senior Vice President, Mr. Hunter was the senior officer responsible for all operations of each of
the Economic Research, Statistics, and Community and Consumer Affairs units at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. In such capacity,
Mr. Hunter oversaw the subunits of the Statistics and Community and Consumer Affairs divisions responsible for the analysis and evaluation
of bank and bank holding company financial statements and financial filings. Prior to serving as Senior Vice President at the Federal
Reserve Bank of Chicago, Mr. Hunter was the Vice President of the Financial Markets unit at the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta where
he supervised financial staff and bank holding company analysts who analyzed and evaluated bank and bank holding company financial statements.
Mr. Hunter also currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Xerox Corporation and Wellmark, Inc. as well as on the Audit Committees
of such Boards. As an Audit Committee member, Mr. Hunter’s responsibilities include, among other things, reviewing financial statements,
internal audits and internal controls over financial reporting. Mr. Hunter also formerly was a Professor of Finance at the University
of Connecticut School of Business and has authored numerous scholarly articles on the topics of finance, accounting and economics. Mr. Moschner, Founder and Chief Executive Officer,
Northcroft Partners, LLC, (management consulting) (since 2012); formerly, Chairman (2019), and Director (2012-2019), USA Technologies,
Inc., (provider of solutions and services to facilitate electronic payment transactions); formerly, Director, Wintrust Financial Corporation
(1996-2016); previously, held positions at Leap Wireless International, Inc., (consumer wireless services) including Consultant (2011-2012),
Chief Operating Officer (2008-2011), and Chief Marketing Officer (2004-2008); formerly, President, Verizon Card Services division of Verizon
Communications, Inc. (2000-2003); formerly, President, One Point Services at One Point Communications (telecommunication services) (1999-2000);
formerly, Vice Chairman of the Board, Diba, Incorporated (internet technology provider) (1996-1997); formerly, various executive positions
(1991-1996), including Chief Executive Officer (1995-1996) of Zenith Electronics Corporation (consumer electronics). ITEM 4. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund The following tables show the amount of fees that KPMG LLP, the Fund’s
auditor, billed to the Fund during the Fund’s last two full fiscal years. For engagements with KPMG LLP the Audit Committee approved
in advance all audit services and non-audit services that KPMG LLP provided to the Fund, except for those non-audit services that were
subject to the pre-approval exception under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X (the “pre-approval exception”). The pre-approval exception
for services provided directly to the Fund waives the pre-approval requirement for services other than audit, review or attest services
if: (A) the aggregate amount of all such services provided constitutes no more than 5% of the total amount of revenues paid by the Fund
to its accountant during the fiscal year in which the services are provided; (B) the Fund did not recognize the services as non-audit
services at the time of the engagement; and (C) the services are promptly brought to the Audit Committee’s attention, and the Committee
(or its delegate) approves the services before the audit is completed. The Audit Committee has delegated certain pre-approval responsibilities
to its Chair (or, in her absence, any other member of the Audit Committee). SERVICES THAT THE FUND’S AUDITOR BILLED TO THE
FUND Audit
    Fees Billed Audit-Related
    Fees Tax
    Fees All
    Other Fees Fiscal
    Year Ended to
    Fund 1 Billed
    to Fund 2 Billed
    to Fund 3 Billed
    to Fund 4 October
    31, 2021 $ 31.355 $ 5,500 $ 0 $ 0 Percentage approved 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % pursuant to pre-approval exception October
    31, 2020 $ 18,450 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 Percentage approved 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % pursuant to pre-approval exception 1 "Audit
  Fees" are the aggregate fees billed for professional services for the audit of the Fund's annual financial statements and
  services provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 2 "Audit
  Related Fees" are the aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services reasonably related to the performance of the
  audit or review of financial statements that are not reported under "Audit Fees". These fees include offerings
  related to the Fund's common shares and leverage. 3 "Tax
  Fees" are the aggregate fees billed for professional services for tax advice, tax compliance, and tax planning. These fees
  include: all global withholding tax services; excise and state tax reviews; capital gain, tax equalization and taxable basis
  calculation performed by the principal accountant. 4 "All
  Other Fees" are the aggregate fees billed for products and services other than "Audit Fees", "Audit-Related
  Fees" and "Tax Fees". These fees represent all "Agreed-Upon Procedures" engagements pertaining to
  the Fund's use of leverage. SERVICES THAT THE FUND’S AUDITOR BILLED TO THE
ADVISER AND AFFILIATED FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS The following tables show the amount of fees billed by KPMG LLP to Nuveen
Fund Advisors, LLC (formerly Nuveen Fund Advisors, Inc.) (the “Adviser”), and any entity controlling, controlled by or under
common control with the Adviser that provides ongoing services to the Fund (“Affiliated Fund Service Provider”), for engagements
directly related to the Fund’s operations and financial reporting, during the Fund’s last two full fiscal years. The tables also show the percentage of fees subject to the pre-approval
exception. The pre-approval exception for services provided to the Adviser and any Affiliated Fund Service Provider (other than audit,
review or attest services) waives the pre-approval requirement if: (A) the aggregate amount of all such services provided constitutes
no more than 5% of the total amount of revenues paid to KPMG LLP by the Fund, the Adviser and Affiliated Fund Service Providers during
the fiscal year in which the services are provided that would have to be pre-approved by the Audit Committee; (B) the Fund did not recognize
the services as non-audit services at the time of the engagement; and (C) the services are promptly brought to the Audit Committee’s
attention, and the Committee (or its delegate) approves the services before the Fund’s audit is completed. Audit-Related
    Fees Tax
    Fees Billed to All
    Other Fees Billed
    to Adviser and Adviser
    and Billed
    to Adviser Affiliated
    Fund Affiliated
    Fund and
    Affiliated Fund Fiscal
    Year Ended Service
    Providers Service
    Providers Service
    Providers October
    31, 2021 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 Percentage approved 0 % 0 % 0 % pursuant to pre-approval exception October
    31, 2020 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 Percentage approved 0 % 0 % 0 % pursuant to pre-approval exception NON-AUDIT SERVICES The following table shows the amount of fees that KPMG LLP billed during
the Fund’s last two full fiscal years for non-audit services. The Audit Committee is required to pre-approve non- audit services
that KPMG LLP provides to the Adviser and any Affiliated Fund Services Provider, if the engagement related directly to the Fund’s
operations and financial reporting (except for those subject to the pre-approval exception described above). The Audit Committee requested
and received information from KPMG LLP about any non-audit services that KPMG LLP rendered during the Fund’s last fiscal year to
the Adviser and any Affiliated Fund Service Provider. The Committee considered this information in evaluating KPMG LLP’s independence. Total Non-Audit Fees billed to Adviser and Affiliated Fund Service Total Non-Audit Fees Providers (engagements billed to Adviser and related directly to the Affiliated Fund Service Total Non-Audit
    Fees operations and financial Providers (all other Fiscal
    Year Ended Billed
    to Fund reporting
    of the Fund) engagements) Total October
                                            31, 2021 $ 0 $0 $0 $ 0 October
                                            31, 2020 $ 0 $0 $0 $ 0 "Non-Audit
  Fees billed to Fund" for both fiscal year ends represent "Tax Fees" and "All Other Fees" billed to Fund in
  their respective amounts from the previous table. Less
  than 50 percent of the hours expended on the principal accountant's engagement to audit the registrant's financial statements for the
  most recent fiscal year were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant's full-time, permanent
  employees. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures. Generally, the Audit
Committee must approve (i) all non-audit services to be performed for the Fund by the Fund’s independent accountants and (ii) all
audit and non-audit services to be performed by the Fund’s independent accountants for the Affiliated Fund Service Providers with
respect to operations and financial reporting of the Fund. Regarding tax and research projects conducted by the independent accountants
for the Fund and Affiliated Fund Service Providers (with respect to operations and financial reports of the Fund) such engagements will
be (i) pre-approved by the Audit Committee if they are expected to be for amounts greater than $10,000; (ii) reported to the Audit Committee
chair for her verbal approval prior to engagement if they are expected to be for amounts under $10,000 but greater than $5,000; and (iii)
reported to the Audit Committee at the next Audit Committee meeting if they are expected to be for an amount under $5,000. ITEM 5. AUDIT COMMITTEE OF LISTED REGISTRANTS. The registrant’s Board has a separately designated Audit Committee
established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(58)(A)). As of
the end of the period covered by this report the members of the audit committee are Jack B. Evans, William C. Hunter, John K. Nelson,
Albin F. Moschner, Judith M. Stockdale and Carole E. Stone, Chair. ITEM 6. SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS. a) See Portfolio of Investments in Item 1. b) Not applicable. ITEM 7. DISCLOSURE OF PROXY VOTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR CLOSED-END
MANAGEMENT INVESTMENT COMPANIES. Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC is the registrant’s investment adviser (referred
to herein as the “Adviser”). The Adviser is responsible for the on-going monitoring of the Fund’s investment portfolio,
managing the Fund’s business affairs and providing certain clerical, bookkeeping and administrative services. The Adviser has
engaged Nuveen Asset Management, LLC (“Sub-Adviser”) as Sub-Adviser to provide discretionary investment advisory services. As
part of these services, the Adviser has delegated to the Sub-Adviser the full responsibility for proxy voting on securities held in the
registrant’s portfolio and related duties in accordance with the Sub-Adviser’s policies and procedures. The Adviser periodically
monitors the Sub-Adviser’s voting to ensure that it is carrying out its duties. The Sub-Adviser’s proxy voting policies
and procedures are attached to this filing as an exhibit and incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 8. PORTFOLIO MANAGERS OF CLOSED-END MANAGEMENT INVESTMENT COMPANIES. Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC is the registrant's investment
adviser (also referred to as the "Adviser"). The Adviser is responsible for the selection and on-going monitoring of the Fund's
investment portfolio, managing the Fund's business affairs and providing certain clerical, bookkeeping and administrative services. The
Adviser has engaged Nuveen Asset Management, LLC (“Nuveen Asset Management” or “Sub-Adviser”) as Sub-Adviser to
provide discretionary investment advisory services. The following section provides information on the portfolio manager at the Sub-Adviser: ITEM 8(a)(1). PORTFOLIO MANAGER BIOGRAPHIES As of the date of filing this report, the following
individuals at the Sub-Adviser (the “Portfolio Managers”) have primary responsibility for the day-to-day implementation of
the Fund’s investment strategy: John Miller, C.F.A., serves as the head of Nuveen Municipals
for Nuveen Asset Management and leads the municipals fixed income strategic direction and investment perspectives for Nuveen. He also
manages several municipal bond strategies and closed-end funds. Mr. Miller’s background features nearly 20 years of experience in
the municipal marketplace. Before being named the co-head of Nuveen Municipals in 2011, he was chief investment officer for the firm’s
municipal bond team starting in 2007. He was named head of portfolio management for Nuveen Asset Management in 2006 and became a portfolio
manager in 2000 after starting at the firm as a municipal credit analyst in 1996. He began working in the investment industry at a private
account management firm in 1993. Mr. Miller earned a B.A. in economics and political science from Duke University, an M.A. in economics
from Northwestern University and an M.B.A. in finance with honors from the University of Chicago. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst
designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Chicago. Timothy T. Ryan, CFA, Managing Director
at Nuveen Asset Management, is a portfolio manager for the firm’s SPDR Nuveen Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) as well as several institutional
portfolios. He is also the lead portfolio manager for the Strategic Municipal Opportunities strategy and co-manager for the All American
municipal Bond strategy. During his asset management career, he has held positions in credit research, trading and portfolio management
at various firms including State Street Global Advisors. Tim joined Nuveen Asset Management as a portfolio manager in 2010 when the firm
entered into a sub-advisory agreement with State Street Global Advisors. His portfolio management responsibilities have included overseeing
a number of mutual funds as well as separately managed accounts for institutions and individuals. Mr. Ryan graduated with a B.S. from
the University of Wisconsin and a M.A. in Management from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr.
Ryan also holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA Institute. ITEM 8(a)(2). OTHER ACCOUNTS MANAGED BY PORTFOLIO MANAGERS Other Accounts Managed. In addition to managing
the registrant, the portfolio managers are also primarily responsible for the day-to-day portfolio management of the following accounts: Portfolio Manager Type of Account Managed Number of Accounts Assets* John V. Miller Registered Investment Company 11 $48.50 billion Other Pooled Investment Vehicles 10 $  1.27 billion Other Accounts 13 $    77 million Timothy Ryan Registered Investment Company 9 $29.18 billion Other Pooled Investment Vehicles 0 $  0 Other Accounts 6 $835 million * Assets are as of October 31, 2021. None of the assets in these accounts are subject to an advisory fee based on performance. POTENTIAL MATERIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Actual or apparent conflicts of interest may
arise when a portfolio manager has day-to-day management responsibilities with respect to more than one account. More specifically, portfolio
managers who manage multiple accounts are presented a number of potential conflicts, including, among others, those discussed below. The management of multiple accounts may result
in a portfolio manager devoting unequal time and attention to the management of each account. Nuveen Asset Management seeks to manage
such competing interests for the time and attention of portfolio managers by having portfolio managers focus on a particular investment
discipline. Most accounts managed by a portfolio manager in a particular investment strategy are managed using the same investment models. If a portfolio manager identifies a limited
investment opportunity which may be suitable for more than one account, an account may not be able to take full advantage of that opportunity
due to an allocation of filled purchase or sale orders across all eligible accounts. To deal with these situations, Nuveen Asset Management
has adopted procedures for allocating limited opportunities across multiple accounts. With respect to many of its clients’ accounts,
Nuveen Asset Management determines which broker to use to execute transaction orders, consistent with its duty to seek best execution
of the transaction. However, with respect to certain other accounts, Nuveen Asset Management may be limited by the client with respect
to the selection of brokers or may be instructed to direct trades through a particular broker. In these cases, Nuveen Asset Management
may place separate, non-simultaneous, transactions for a Fund and other accounts which may temporarily affect the market price of the
security or the execution of the transaction, or both, to the detriment of the Fund or the other accounts. Some clients are subject to different regulations.
As a consequence of this difference in regulatory requirements, some clients may not be permitted to engage in all the investment techniques
or transactions or to engage in these transactions to the same extent as the other accounts managed by the portfolio manager. Finally,
the appearance of a conflict of interest may arise where Nuveen Asset Management has an incentive, such as a performance-based management
fee, which relates to the management of some accounts, with respect to which a portfolio manager has day-to-day management responsibilities. Conflicts of interest may also arise when the
Sub-Adviser invests one or more of its client accounts in different or multiple parts of the same issuer’s capital structure, including
investments in public versus private securities, debt versus equity, or senior versus junior/subordinated debt, or otherwise where there
are different or inconsistent rights or benefits. Decisions or actions such as investing, trading, proxy voting, exercising, waiving or
amending rights or covenants, workout activity, or serving on a board, committee or other involvement in governance may result in conflicts
of interest between clients holding different securities or investments. Generally, individual portfolio managers will seek to act in
a manner that they believe serves the best interest of the accounts they manage. In cases where a portfolio manager or team faces a conflict
among its client accounts, it will seek to act in a manner that it believes best reflects its overall fiduciary duty, which may result
in relative advantages or disadvantages for particular accounts. Nuveen Asset Management has adopted certain
compliance procedures which are designed to address these types of conflicts common among investment managers. However, there is no guarantee
that such procedures will detect each and every situation in which a conflict arises. ITEM 8(a)(3). FUND MANAGER COMPENSATION As of the most recently completed fiscal year end, the
primary Portfolio Managers’ compensation is as follows: Portfolio managers are compensated through a
combination of base salary and variable components consisting of (i) a cash bonus; (ii) a long-term performance award; and (iii) participation
in a profits interest plan. Base salary . A portfolio manager’s
base salary is determined based upon an analysis of the portfolio manager’s general performance, experience and market levels of
base pay for such position. Cash bonus . A portfolio manager is eligible
to receive an annual cash bonus that is based on three variables: risk-adjusted investment performance relative to benchmark generally
measured over the most recent one, three and five year periods (unless the portfolio manager’s tenure is shorter), ranking versus
Morningstar peer funds generally measured over the most recent one, three and five year periods (unless the portfolio manager’s
tenure is shorter), and management and peer reviews. Long-term performance award . A portfolio
manager is eligible to receive a long-term performance award that vests after three years. The amount of the award when granted is based
on the same factors used in determining the cash bonus. The value of the award at the completion of the three-year vesting period is adjusted
based on the risk-adjusted investment performance of Fund(s) managed by the portfolio manager during the vesting period and the performance
of the TIAA organization as a whole. Profits interest plan . Portfolio managers
are eligible to receive profits interests in Nuveen Asset Management and its affiliate, Teachers Advisors, LLC, which vest over time and
entitle their holders to a percentage of the firms’ annual profits. Profits interests are allocated to each portfolio manager based
on such person’s overall contribution to the firms. There are generally no differences between the
methods used to determine compensation with respect to the Fund and the Other Accounts shown in the table above. ITEM 8(a)(4). OWNERSHIP OF NDMO SECURITIES AS OF OCTOBER 31, 2021 Name of Portfolio Manager None $1 - $10,000 $10,001-$50,000 $50,001-$100,000 $100,001-$500,000 $500,001-$1,000,000 Over $1,000,000 John Miller X Timothy Ryan X ITEM 9. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY CLOSED-END MANAGEMENT INVESTMENT
COMPANY AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. Not applicable. ITEM 10. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which shareholders
may recommend nominees to the registrant’s Board implemented after the registrant last provided disclosure in response to this Item. ITEM 11. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. (a) The registrant’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar
functions, have concluded that the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 30a-3(c) under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”) (17 CFR 270.30a-3(c))) are effective, as of a date within 90 days of the
filing date of this report that includes the disclosure required by this paragraph, based on their evaluation of the controls and procedures
required by Rule 30a-3(b) under the 1940 Act (17 CFR 270.30a-3(b)) and Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) (17 CFR 240.13a-15(b) or 240.15d-15(b)). (b) There were no changes in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 30a-3(d) under the 1940 Act (17 CFR 270.30a-3(d)) that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 12. DISCLOSURE OF SECURITIES LENDING ACTIVITIES FOR CLOSED-END MANAGEMENT
INVESTMENT COMPANIES. Not applicable. ITEM 13. EXHIBITS. File the exhibits listed below as part of this Form. (a)(1) Any code of ethics, or amendment thereto, that is the subject of the disclosure required by Item 2, to the extent that the registrant intends to satisfy the Item 2 requirements through filing of an exhibit: Not applicable because the code is posted on registrant’s website at www.nuveen.com/fund-governance and there were no amendments during the period covered by this report. (To view the code, click on Code of Conduct.) (a)(2) A separate certification for each principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the registrant as required by Rule 30a-2(a) under the 1940 Act (17 CFR 270.30a-2(a)) in the exact form set forth below: Ex-99.CERT Attached hereto. (a)(3) Any written solicitation to purchase securities under Rule 23c-1 under the 1940 Act (17 CFR
270.23c-1) sent or given during the period covered by the report by or on behalf of the registrant to 10 or more persons. Not applicable. (a)(4) Change in the registrant’s independent public accountant. Not applicable. (b) If the report is filed under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, provide the certifications required by Rule 30a-2(b) under the 1940 Act (17 CFR 270.30a-2(b)); Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13a-14(b) or 240.15d-14(b)), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350) as an exhibit. A certification furnished pursuant to this paragraph will not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. Ex-99.906 CERT attached hereto. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
the Investment Company Act of 1940, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. (Registrant) Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund By (Signature and Title) /s/ Mark L. Winget Mark L. Winget Vice President and Secretary Date: January 6, 2022 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
the Investment Company Act of 1940, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. By (Signature and Title) /s/ David J. Lamb David J. Lamb Chief Administrative Officer (principal executive officer) Date: January 6, 2022 By (Signature and Title) /s/ E. Scott Wickerham E. Scott Wickerham Vice President and Controller (principal financial officer) Date: January 6, 2022 EX-99.CERT 2 ndmo_ex99cert.htm CERTIFICATIONS Exhibit 99.CERT CERTIFICATION I, David J. Lamb, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form N-CSR of Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, changes in net assets, and cash
flows (if the financial statements are required to include a statement of cash flows) of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 30a-3(c) under the Investment Company Act of 1940) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 30a-3(d) under the Investment Company Act of 1940) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of a date within 90
days prior to the filing date of this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed to the registrant’s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize,
and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Date: January 6, 2022 /s/ David J. Lamb David J. Lamb Chief Administrative Officer (principal executive officer) CERTIFICATION I, E. Scott Wickerham, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form N-CSR of Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, changes in net assets, and cash
flows (if the financial statements are required to include a statement of cash flows) of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 30a-3(c) under the Investment Company Act of 1940) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 30a-3(d) under the Investment Company Act of 1940) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of a date within 90
days prior to the filing date of this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed to the registrant’s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize,
and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Date: January 6, 2022 /s/ E. Scott Wickerham E. Scott Wickerham Vice President and Controller (principal financial officer) EX-99.906 CERT 3 ndmo_ex99cert906.htm CERTIFICATION Exhibit 99.906CERT Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; provided by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, based on each such officer’s
knowledge and belief. The undersigned officers of Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund (the “Fund”) certify that,
to the best of each such officer’s knowledge and belief: 1. The Form N-CSR of the Fund for the period ended October 31, 2021 (the “Report”)
                                                                              fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Fund. Date: January 6, 2022 /s/ David J. Lamb David J. Lamb Chief Administrative Officer (principal executive officer) /s/ E. Scott Wickerham E. Scott Wickerham Vice President, Controller (principal financial officer) EX-99.CODE ETH 4 ex99codeofethics.htm CODE OF ETHICS Nuveen Asset Management, LLC Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures Effective Date: January 1, 2011, as last amended March 05, 2020 I. General Principles A. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC (“ NAM ”)
is an investment sub-adviser for certain of the Nuveen Funds (the “ Funds ”) and investment adviser for institutional
and other separately managed accounts (collectively, with the Funds, “ Accounts ”). As such, Accounts may confer upon
NAM complete discretion to vote proxies. 1 B. When NAM has proxy voting authority, it is NAM’s
duty to vote proxies in the best interests of its clients (which may involve affirmatively deciding that voting the proxies may not be
in the best interests of certain clients on certain matters). In voting proxies, NAM also seeks to enhance total investment return for
its clients. C. If NAM contracts with another investment adviser
to act as a sub-adviser for an Account, NAM may delegate proxy voting responsibility to the sub-adviser. Where NAM has delegated proxy
voting responsibility, the sub-adviser will be responsible for developing and adhering to its own proxy voting policies, subject to oversight
by NAM. D. NAM’s Proxy Voting Committee (“ PVC ”)
provides oversight of NAM’s proxy voting policies and procedures, including (1) providing an administrative framework to facilitate
and monitor the exercise of such proxy voting and to fulfill the obligations of reporting and recordkeeping under the federal securities
laws; and (2) approving the proxy voting policies and procedures. II. Policies The PVC after reviewing and concluding that such policies are reasonably designed to
vote proxies in the best interests of clients, has approved and adopted the proxy voting policies (“ Policies ”) of Institutional
Shareholder Services, Inc. (“ ISS ”), a leading national provider of proxy voting administrative and research services. i As a result, such Policies set forth NAM’s positions on recurring proxy issues and criteria for addressing non-recurring
issues. These Policies are reviewed periodically by ISS, and therefore are subject to change. Even though it has adopted the Policies
as drafted by ISS, NAM maintains the fiduciary responsibility for all proxy voting decisions. 1 NAM does not vote proxies where a client withholds proxy voting authority, and in certain non-discretionary and model programs NAM votes proxies in accordance with its Policies in effect from time to time. Clients may opt to vote proxies themselves, or to have proxies voted by an independent third party or other named fiduciary or agent, at the client’s cost. i ISS has separate polices for Taft Hartley plans and it is NAM’s policy to apply the Taft Hartley polices to accounts that are Taft Hartley plans and have requested the application of such policies. 1 III. Procedures A. Supervision of Proxy Voting. Day-to-day administration
of proxy voting may be provided internally or by a third-party service provider, depending on client type, subject to the ultimate oversight
of the PVC. The PVC shall supervise the relationships with NAM’s proxy voting services, ISS. ISS apprises Nuveen Global Operations
(“ NGO ”) of shareholder meeting dates, and casts the actual proxy votes. ISS also provides research on proxy proposals
and voting recommendations. ISS serves as NAM’s proxy voting record keepers and generate reports on how proxies were voted. NGO
periodically reviews communications from ISS to determine whether ISS voted the correct amount of proxies, whether the votes were cast
in a timely manner, and whether the vote was in accordance with the Policies or NAM’s specific instructions B. General Avoidance of
Conflicts of Interest. 1.    NAM believe that most conflicts
of interest faced by NAM in voting proxies can be avoided by voting in accordance with the Policies. Examples of such conflicts of interest
are as follows: 2 a.    The issuer or proxy proponent
(e.g., a special interest group) is TIAA-CREF, the ultimate principal owner of NAM, or any of its affiliates. b.    The issuer is an entity in
which an executive officer of NAM or a spouse or domestic partner of any such executive officer is or was (within the past three years
of the proxy vote) an executive officer or director. c.    The issuer is a registered
or unregistered fund or other client for which NAM or another affiliated adviser has a material relationship as investment adviser or
sub-adviser (e.g., Nuveen Funds and TIAA Funds) or an institutional separate account. d.    Any other circumstances that
NAM is aware of where NAM’s duty to serve its clients’ interests, typically referred to as its “duty of loyalty,”
could be materially compromised. 2.    To further minimize this risk,
Compliance will review ISS’ conflict avoidance policy at least annually to ensure that it adequately addresses both the actual
and perceived conflicts of interest ISS may face. 2 A conflict of interest shall not be considered material for the purposes of these Policies and Procedures with respect to a specific vote or circumstance if the matter to be voted on relates to a restructuring of the terms of existing securities or the issuance of new securities or a similar matter arising out of the holding of securities, other than common equity, in the context of a bankruptcy or threatened bankruptcy of the issuer. 2 3.    In the event that ISS faces
a material conflict of interest with respect to a specific vote, the PVC shall direct ISS how to vote. The PVC shall receive voting direction
from appropriate investment personnel. Before doing so, the PVC will consult with Legal to confirm that NAM faces no material conflicts
of its own with respect to the specific proxy vote. 4.    Where ISS is determined to have
a conflict of interest, or NAM determines to override the Policies and is determined to have a conflict, the PVC will recommend to NAM’s
Compliance Committee or designee a course of action designed to address the conflict. Such actions could include, but are not limited
to: a.    Obtaining instructions from the affected client(s)
on how to vote the proxy; b.    Disclosing the conflict to the affected client(s)
and seeking their consent to permit NAM to vote the proxy; c.    Voting in proportion to the other shareholders; e.    Recusing the individual with
the actual or potential conflict of interest from all discussion or consideration of the matter, if the material conflict is due to such
person’s actual or potential conflict of interest; or f.     Following the recommendation of a different
independent third party. 5.    In addition to all of the
above-mentioned and other conflicts, the Head of Equity Research, NGO and any member of the PVC must notify NAM’s Chief Compliance
Officer (“ CCO ”) of any direct, indirect or perceived improper influence exerted by any employee, officer or director
of TIAA or its subsidiaries with regard to how NAM should vote proxies. NAM Compliance will investigate any such allegations and will
report the findings to the PVC and, if deemed appropriate, to NAM’s Compliance Committee. If it is determined that improper influence
was attempted, appropriate action shall be taken. Such appropriate action may include disciplinary action, notification of the appropriate
senior managers, or notification of the appropriate regulatory authorities. In all cases, NAM will not consider any improper influence
in determining how to vote proxies, and will vote in the best interests of clients. C. Proxy Vote Override. From time to time, a portfolio
manager of an account (a “ Portfolio Manager ”) may initiate action to override the Policies’ recommendation for
a particular vote. Any such override by a NAM Portfolio Manager (but not a sub-adviser Portfolio Manager) 3 shall be reviewed by NAM’s Legal Department for material conflicts. If the Legal
Department determines that no material conflicts exist, the approval of one member of the PVC shall authorize the override. If a material
conflict exists, the conflict and, ultimately, the override recommendation will be rejected and will revert to the original Policies recommendation
or will be addressed pursuant to the procedures described above under “Conflicts of Interest.” In addition, the PVC may determine from time to time that a particular recommendation
in the Policies should be overridden based on a determination that the recommendation is inappropriate and not in the best interests of
shareholders. Any such determination shall be reflected in the minutes of a meeting of the PVC at which such decision is made. D. Securities Lending. 1.    In order to generate incremental
revenue, some clients may participate in a securities lending program. If a client has elected to participate in the lending program then
it will not have the right to vote the proxies of any securities that are on loan as of the shareholder meeting record date. A client,
or a Portfolio Manager, may place restrictions on loaning securities and/or recall a security on loan at any time. Such actions must be
affected prior to the record date for a meeting if the purpose for the restriction or recall is to secure the vote. 2.    Portfolio Managers and/or analysts
who become aware of upcoming proxy issues relating to any securities in portfolios they manage, or issuers they follow, will consider
the desirability of recalling the affected securities that are on loan or restricting the affected securities prior to the record date
for the matter. If the proxy issue is determined to be material, and the determination is made prior to the shareholder meeting record
date the Portfolio Manager(s) will contact the Securities Lending Agent to recall securities on loan or restrict the loaning of any security
held in any portfolio they manage, if they determine that it is in the best interest of shareholders to do so. E. Proxy Voting Records. As required by Rule 204-2
of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, NAM shall make and retain five types of records relating to proxy voting; (1) NAM’s Policies;
(2) proxy statements received for securities in client accounts; (3) records of proxy votes cast by NAM on behalf of clients accounts;
(4) records of written requests from clients about how NAM voted their proxies, and written responses from NAM to either a written or
oral request by clients; and (5) any documents prepared by the adviser that were material to making a proxy voting decision or that memorialized
the basis for the decision. NAM relies on ISS to make and retain on NAM’s behalf certain records pertaining to Rule 204-2. 4 F. Fund of Funds Provision . In instances where NAM provides investment advice to a fund of funds
that acquires shares of affiliated funds or three percent or more of the outstanding voting securities of an unaffiliated fund, the acquiring
fund shall vote the shares in the same proportion as the vote of all other shareholders of the acquired fund. If compliance with this
procedure results in a vote of any shares in a manner different than the Policies’ recommendation, such vote will not require compliance
with the Proxy Vote Override procedures set forth above. G. Legacy Securities. To the extent that NAM receives
proxies for securities that are transferred into an account’s portfolio that were not recommended or selected by it and are sold
or expected to be sold promptly in an orderly manner (“ legacy securities ”), NAM will generally refrain from voting
such proxies. In such circumstances, since legacy securities are expected to be sold promptly, voting proxies on such securities would
not further NAM’s interest in maximizing the value of client investments. NAM may agree to an account’s special request to
vote a legacy security proxy, and would vote such proxy in accordance with the Policies. H. Terminated Accounts. Proxies received after the
termination date of an account generally will not be voted. An exception will be made if the record date is for a period in which an account
was under NAM’s discretionary management or if a separately managed account (“ SMA ”) custodian failed to remove
the account’s holdings from its aggregated voting list. I. Non-votes. NGO shall be responsible for obtaining
reasonable assurance from ISS that it voted proxies on NAM’s behalf, and that any special instructions from NAM about a given proxy
or proxies are submitted to ISS in a timely manner. It should not be considered a breach of this responsibility if NGO or NAM does not
receive a proxy from ISS or a custodian with adequate time to analyze and direct to vote or vote a proxy by the required voting deadline. NAM may determine not to vote proxies associated with the securities
of any issuer if as a result of voting such proxies, subsequent purchases or sales of such securities would be blocked. However, NAM may
decide, on an individual security basis that it is in the best interests of its clients to vote the proxy associated with such a security,
taking into account the loss of liquidity. In addition, NAM may determine not to vote proxies where the voting would in NAM’s judgment
result in some other financial, legal, regulatory disability or burden to the client (such as imputing control with respect to the issuer)
or to NAM or its affiliates. NAM may determine not to vote securities held by SMAs where voting
would require the transfer of the security to another custodian designated by the issuer. Such transfer is generally outside the scope
of NAM’s authority and may result in significant operational limitations on NAM’s ability to conduct transactions relating
to the securities during the period of transfer. From time to time, situations may arise (operational or otherwise) that prevent NAM from
voting proxies after reasonable attempts have been made. 5 J. Review and Reports. 1.   The PVC shall maintain a review
schedule. The schedule shall include reviews of the Policies and the policies of any Sub-adviser engaged by NAM, the proxy voting record,
account maintenance, and other reviews as deemed appropriate by the PVC. The PVC shall review the schedule at least annually. 2.   The PVC will report to NAM’s
Compliance Committee with respect to all identified conflicts and how they were addressed. These reports will include all accounts, including
those that are sub-advised. NAM also shall provide the Funds that it sub-advises with information necessary for preparing Form N-PX. K. Vote Disclosure to Clients. NAM’s institutional
and SMA clients can contact their relationship manager for more information on NAM’s Policies and the proxy voting record for their
account. The information available includes name of issuer, ticker/CUSIP, shareholder meeting date, description of item and NAM’s
vote. IV. Responsible Parties PVC NGO NAM Compliance Legal Department 6 GRAPHIC 5 image_001.gif GRAPHIC begin 644 image_001.gif
M1TE&.#EA_P+% _<         ,P  9@  F0  S   _P K   K,P K9@ KF0 K
MS  K_P!5  !5,P!59@!5F0!5S !5_P"   " ,P" 9@" F0" S " _P"J  "J
M,P"J9@"JF0"JS "J_P#5  #5,P#59@#5F0#5S #5_P#_  #_,P#_9@#_F0#_
MS #__S,  #, ,S, 9C, F3, S#, _S,K #,K,S,K9C,KF3,KS#,K_S-5 #-5
M,S-59C-5F3-5S#-5_S.  #. ,S. 9C. F3. S#. _S.J #.J,S.J9C.JF3.J
MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F //JW 3EQU<6.HCR.#G0QW)&.ZF>-R5OS9,631
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M*Z6'$DN,E2C31T2)E%ZCVJ%4U**1B61HB34EVAVFC2H(J4R2=D?IH) %VJN596J::]2 5NB
MBRBUZN>TU%9K[;4=QJK,2SH>M:U1VP[%TTF? >C=F3;5-!E.WITDI+ IC
MI3[B-.YC,/E('KHAJ8L8NR>YFZ^V\JKG8CW_F< F1)6[
M8B12XQ"X \H,LX77*T+;74AB7?<4,E4X(*F+R&QQP TQ^(P#* JZ^U[BNG/L
M;GZT?YTBY>29]-3L+T:H?*+6(4P0Z3*5FTP5,>#@ U#S[K"1IT1L+]3)7*>D=:E[4
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M$DM9 B & T&#+0VB##'8,I238(@I?PF '!8D$[4<93#WH 1!248]<2F*H7DB)@N)>0.#$#.%B"$F07SYRQ6@
M82"96$$K<4F03* R$\2@JB@- ,U TB")\"WC? = @\\6IR@HAD\,
M8D@#QQ:Q@LCZ\;%TDRS3L&:9L'G&-9=Q6)-(=A**:=0R0*P>X;3B),W_W608
M8KB!"K#)$WWF@$J#%(8*<+ JU)54G6( 7 X:&X,T:.)]8B L$K40/C2H8)Q#
MD\$;\O8#9>2-;IIPWIF\DU OBD,&.0 =4" R= 2L"+.VH&S *(U1US/8\DU7,D0C/E'=A:*E,4$V"5"()&C=D(,=T,7RA0
MQ$T I#A-*>+% ?;&DW ^0+@Z6-$D0#$/==[!_[M'A(9P2[H"&9B"'KN8:&!3
M?#\9>!< :4:)H>[3*.R(I&$5*HW)G-PK1-./'GWZI3$G(6&$R!*_KY3E02I]
M$ 4;&)5 W/![S
M6D>2MHWDJ;*G/^#48U7&8H]6 A 'F%H, Q.#%Y"N>>=L-K V8&1
M3_H-M:@;7!#]0E/3!O\Y,,D)$DH(#Z25F-X'R@="C%;6<*LIOW1!%*S,6/L<
M3[:UBDCRG(-&$8,8BS1XGXDGC->%8AZ8V$( <(")%= S$UAW70PVP35V+@(&
M!YAQ.ZA(O)G0PZ::V"@,'K#T9 *AD&WLJ=4;X<^M(U?1[R6R*T($E5#83Z2#W6&PJ2$+(,/D&%>-\[?.',
M =8SH0EE<%@35*+8OP=EI_,8Z[WGB=2GTF6KE_B=3SP7)519WDJ$Y#Z4NW]Y
M[P^B550.^-2A- BJ1QG\?>@7T[^?Y?9F/A!E/%CYK3S^S[??H: ,^KR!C4&;
MVN<1!@.HX7L(@,8B0*J/.2LC[?1 W1N<3H^CJ[_#]%AVT_(J4H/',VLC9FV_
M!6/:-EH_U"TYL10E(B'N12>8)$"302HFDG &TT$HM=4=7W< /[-;;$8WH2! M8R-[X5(505=D\,6 Z_)06Z(]U9<:VM%$-K8"!B ^JGAKRM SX>- %7XA*GZ"%*\=[J49SH00-XJA,:# )ZX@&Q3=*$+9\
MHA0#[=B._[)4@:VDAN9XAFS8C] A*?/B;HHG"<"&35V#$G\S7'SUBE*' YJ@
M5_M4>OED;#@@"3A@"O6Q;.E#6#"P FDP8M$06,FC3P9P8F0V>?]2+J>U@%#V
M.,_3&61!:[6#'@EC*G"A#\.0-P%P Z7'$B9U2T&6*CB96U9'3O;C,XF%$K68
M8DVW4N\4!FD .'7CDSYS &,03R )*#5F(RJQ'FG1':;X3_4#9H\F$B(((R#G
MA=\X2E'82E-(?05QA:)$$*?$A?N@ USD$03^I82C=$AD(]1+SX1X,U#<8>"['46@/
MQ)(UAA[O<3%20A29V2F603;X,HL/Y3$6.&BVHHW.F6#>2$MNF8YSF1"E!@ 5
MYDL55A#FB6 /$7T]"A%X&4KHN0^?$)C_ZKFD?)$B-J)%15: [O4U+]$B63(VW!(YI14C%9AWGX@=M+8N$_,=
M1%$G2K28]V))3:2281F<8<-&"_@2)1HDX );%\H9W[ _)\RSFC Z%?
MX3B&DDH0T'"/5#B%416C#"&/-QH1UMES/OJ73'JJ?_(V?5=CGR([G-$^DL0F
M'RHEF(AK0J !,&5T6))1G(:1]A.I\*L
M94*F:PHARE.M[!4IU9HIKE$AD;&98U,YJ?DHD3,79/-Q>Q)]T 2%G5:CECJ.
M)?=@S800HTJJ_PX!JOLE$3]JI&A(KZC:KQIAK4 U-H$2+K_JA@XU
M2'R3(^,:GQ?8*5UYG(VI7D'QH/ %&8F"@%,2L/K2L^:1*+"1G.Q*H^[:C:AT
M BA&RZ/!'Z3Q9''SW%'8GB
MJM;:/5W[M6@3'J7YL^ R%&=SLS]4'BH9J]3$.3QQFIJCDNAUMIGS?3(QA'UW
MG%I26MMA=ZYUL*7EHG979)5"MD;C/.\%*Y^9'^#B/#!ZM$^8M-'WEO])2[2@
MIA!R&4JD2&#Z*$LBEW/-EZ3\J+2BI(]9&[NB^F_9H9*)4S6JN )%LR!E C:8
MHVTJ, .6HIC^X1X!N;5=RQGMH4#QB15K>S*4(Q2*NI)E6FYM9*M2]HKB1%.T
M2%C-I3':2S<A=1UX@WB)E'<C&UOIP:BP][P.HR+!BJR&8;B9XYL_>R(_\9\T
M(;3E"+JA6A#VBIY%FGP+,<!7FQ#2V;0)P4I=)4NPNX]<:+4/;+5'*KL6O!"G
M(22XT1)0M + <P-)&1IH\5/5DW]#M QC ;"AZ;;JIF0("% @<YS!"BTQR[MC
MJ;Z%$X0QI++%>Q-?YU(DM2+A1Y0494[&>%'_@$18!J #9Q(FM&:X^GL?L^>S
M3JI$\5&?<0LI>0NW,)RR]ADYF0ND=#FT#0QSKV2OP,<0<'D0HZNCI;L/YAE#
M 7:DS92ZG7I6.8=*.'#!?-P0YX$5.,%(,K!E/+$I$IBE@S(/P\5MF/,IC^)D
MKTD;VZJR@S2@">43=+*;<:+#)_J^V2$>)O$?B.L@B$%X3?-80U1(Y-,ZA6?*
M'VC*3H,2P8#$%Z@?9=&P1<(8>W>@8*8O/%5D>HJK1L-_6E.X1N6H>0*U+0>8
M"KQI?'EIKP:J=GD0.1I*-]".L22U ;:%[.B.H416FTO&^Q!] # ,?7S.T3FX
M1'(=]Q, \103U^0C_X8$6%SP!E)9/MRD3CA@<#L(=L2%F$X!0-5:FX!W%"I9
MR+;5N.WTI4E&I62;JYL(E@VJK(#:$O W-+S&45CS@BM@!!8]$M]S %QW$KY5
M).T%H.ZV1G*GO[HZKHIBHK5L=KY:*K-Y(DHF'A*-)]%%3*K47ZA;GL2$2^2<
MQ@FAN0W1QELE7]L\:OD5U(<A!@;P2P<@M>A\P>[&M:=QN\ 3!I*(>)@7#+>$
M XQ -R%IB9)5>.LW!I%0-^ &+<O+<6W19.7AF-.#R1'K+JQ"+P6+0.MR5Y23
M,'<*L:?A(YPEB??44]QU+U]'9AS#"P9P:]/X4$JA) ED(,^;H?S9+WY:H/\"
MA19=X<@B[#:AH2=#+4I-9;67:L  L$S)Y$(N]&H3%A'5_,T/7)ZE'0/<B-JH
ME$*EO<Q57=5=@8E/%#\-EP/+$(+TD&PE_0P&IPDCEG_\;$@2J:80$B=6!D"1
MP6X(_9)\6JV>>;!4^C"XZ2Q+J#'_U=TN_74($$^^=1VAQRZ1  ,(0$YJ1&_O
M813$PC<K\S7OTKA FS75:,5V72R2="&-(E :@H$Y[7,LI(LXM#U,F! A))X1
MP4*YI8LHI$(L],%B, D4_ML@?A=XET7O1 71UD0IM<3Z8%*@X-A,W(L(\&L!
M@#7:% V\X,^44&XEDA,<&H$"G>#PU:SS"=K-2+))AVFK[$94=_4TIPE<9I$,
M>=,T'S'+^588M1  0* CQ,!9#KD[^00#*;930,09/;LL1X5 :BNA"G)DE#*V
MH\RPJ>%:Y!&X"\NJ'?\:XGB>Y]&T&B/++LE =MQ1TFW&:^U=2"SP:S&P94L7
M#<- D%[6M6J#K$I()-W"UV,"*943H!$=#3VL*!)XEB@+M!!^28&7@5-'R#A)
M-R7R==\4-R9&/ &)9V-6'R2,*[]I%0DZ*#*2$X3:ONL[I9,^W@4TT(/DU_[Y
M$7J>[,IN,W]\MMKF.^_L(S?.9Y9G6#_P3NHD8ATF9$4S#*C79Z%PO/6SYH8S
MK(=[A 8S20+--Z98=X[LYE]::-'P'T*5O>079(_29@=0/F.'786P[=O*31=5
MK3U>P]\7,G4^$Y(IF;,Y+]ZF1@AKJ.IBRQFEJCQNK,N>\1H_+9UD+RV!T8S_
MS$W&-@F 0^A+K&UA,..3N(LR4 K(-=:\=219E!5K,]G-DAKXFY^@':BU-=,V
MS+ O_1ZN$C&O)?"7%09B, 98,\0D%0UYIHN8A5G$,P^3L @ @ .30%KJ\<1T
M:Z7@6J!;01.%=E1%Q1,(VQB)8K\1:F7Y;8$;__9P#W26Z3@UH<A2?AIG9VS)
MU336[G:,)_*7M3?)$%UCYH,.XGK@D3D+LJNN)^F-K.#]V?CZ4TU0W*B2TBTU
MJ2R$X=BW& ,&$ -6Q$W $P,+>>.JZ/DQL-YN9^)3L^]>O] \7CE.7N=;>J V
MGT70@D!E8Q+D 98"F4@T\D5Q/_S$3QWC4G<%.[$[_SY!$+K%F?YM/-$O<V\D
M>-VH-(GI5TVQ]C&<,1RA\ OLQ S\@H(8_C'1S#K*24:[GEDNEJ&P_AD3![M%
MUCK)Y*YQT>JSJ;7S"7XCI:(K *&,WC)HRI;I4Y9PGT%E]1(2'*ALWT2*%2U>
MQ)A1XT:.'3U^!!E2Y$B2)4V>1)E2Y4J6+5V^Q*@PH4.!T686=#@0VD!Z#1GR
M7'9S6<2($(,.-3@085"#^HX*9!C4*=2@#@G2C!81&E)H5GM>31K6X5:!56<F
M#&MS[-"L/QDZM!A4IT^B4H>2A5H0*5.:8WVV]5DV8M^$:A_2*X@8J<W 6>6V
M'5IU:T_(79795*PXK,2F5/^GY@RZ$.G2GF/IP42=6O5JUJU=OX8=6_;JLY?K
MEBW\]6MBS@FG^M2+D&CEKS)I]OR\4Z[DL<>1IHTH<+(RY98O"VX:U+'EJ3I!
MRZ3'N%Y!BYD;U\3M\W/@A>'+XMS<E^S!A',=TESH4S)2PO3YUI]N+Z=Z.FLO
MY,S2+\'W#(S*/?UF.TF922Z:!(U)*KP0F@O1D&BB3#JL"(V,)+1P$A A1#%%
M%5=DL467:G-.N88LLTLP\:QK+L'QF*+/*H1H^BL^ZG(\+"F;V+I---W^H_&F
M^@(K2K>'9'RKMWKB>LBVR,ZR3C*&IMH+N^I".VLI*ZF3*2FC<+,I/RGS<^PA
M,PG_/(@KAR!+,[_QI+NSIXBF&M!)N%ST*!,Q+A)#(C'&.U291"L28\**',WD
M(D<E@D:,2@GEM%-//P4U->^&M"TIO:"*+C^S^ JP/LSH.DK*[7@R,C":(@.4
MJ>BDI,K!/;U"[SY6I>JLSC^1R@\WB\H23M<9V>M5OYZX"VJR6-%2-3W"")/1
M/5J#A2\M:6=$<$O/PGS6JLUJ#*S.]TX,E2(QQ/C$(F(F$@.:A1;*ER)BT#BT
M(D,EK6B23?<A9E-E#LZ$F(4E:G@?:!I>F")E$J:(XDTSB9CC>#\&.621/WHR
M3 ,7RTY*TJS32:GE<$J,K-M216O4W@KL2<^M=E)KNG03_QJ33I[/N@VM6Z.#
M2Z&X9*3OR'9W6PNJ.,7JS&6B,2.(7%(3'&ZF_PQ23LHQF2V6,[D8:H_)G Q[
M^6FQ1G;8T(P>E1=$$34M^%*+\+;(X'KP-I3C2 UMR-"$'Q7C\(DFT51N2O<Q
M>&3))Z<<U*)@GG9'ZOA#JT;_M'5K.9PG(RM79IE2ICMW$?L)Z^CVPO$P!,>K
M:[?(8"9R0/&4MI@PNMJ:#&OL\*25L8AVC_I7HA\K=DYB<]3*/Z)2_YIV5V<L
M+CPI696.<\M(#TUD#N7&J-^)]%[(1 LS_A"-@_%]7^* )=PG$TG[C=SC?="X
MMU+R/7;4XBI%L,H5T( '?$VI;O\%)5CA;EPH6\B>1I4?56TO>Z*+#-+T,AC0
MA44T5-I19L(ENNE0!C?< E)TLK*LWE1030127H!RMKG2E) IZY'5;J8W,^%E
M35VT0MD/?9BE>HC.5#RJ#A"[9BO<($9D$FH8W_8&(O1Q[' =,A@Q&+>W]T&#
M&/,[E/WP)1$W]$]2[JN?P0(FQ@#RJV((A&,<Y:B2, 4J3EAI8K6^0IK " HM
MT.H-9$AS)(10;VMW>19!4.8>I'3-@DR)(*ETPCD)"L]LB,%/1=9SQ+FX*Y&Z
M80P&*1,1T4@-.$<K5O *HRS!W'"(="F=Z 8$D>MHCVI(HZ&6A*(9&HGL0QX*
MV!0M%DS_$4T$C6_<!]V :;$/K?%0&$NF1"+W+V,2XXORFP@UVYC,8L[1F]\$
MIT:,4R2(&*9EHJL,JU#I&/,P2'KU^8_HOD.843+P2)G13CVM<TBF 8UKL_M)
M^"P6K+"$[870.4O24N<6["BI2N_,(#Q+0YWLP6=+73G5=\Y)4;,492E+"=MT
MA <DKQ@H9($#YB3TE3$+=2APA[M7/0"&(<[,ZUX481S'))4)_CT*8)_X8OM4
MZJB$B2A3]L-;A>J!TC2&TZE/_>;4./F3#4*'04KYTI8FR<'O$68[Y,)DJ;92
M2 JJB53F1- CJ5>[L&C/G4Z1T4ZT9!%@24=!?CD36^PZKCYE(TU7-2HD?AAR
M29G%REKHF:A/HN:>H\F%+("AIU\M2"HW%>19_R'SR3Z:PT(JYDEB?3Q?058Z
MT"L-M'>6N9)"[,>[/,ED7_6#%U1E.]N1N<JM>00.NS:''G=R%"I9K9*0&.BL
M+0&T5\LQX;3T&KTHU1(S]V1(5GR6H^?H8UG;*>E:#_NL=BD69M5;J_!(N1DP
M&9*1FB&2YA#YNY*9J3NL]"MVUK1)O0J1MK*A9DAT>E_^]C=4P'+L73[W'=2>
M$#X%UNM="%/(.LD,:Y9A;*F\912,FM*J=0F7GV2(W*HQ3W017@9=2Y;;X@@6
M5RF[#FC]>#;F;<:AMW&(ZG#SFQBKJ5MDXEQQYZ0>IL1I,)9UDUFFXM_6_"MR
M(($FD96\9!3Y-DJR]/^25TI7&ZY R9,#ENLBP1+0Q%QKI+7"*@F9R)EHK*J0
M7UW@KN[HI--,ZCI[:B ,1WPV!>:FQ309\@EW*Y\U97G&X*T2GHCD($.N!TSC
MW2/J[L.EXJ2.R8^&=*3]JZX]Y8>/B'0G!X]H*[PD]CL?-F*,Y;E0=/[6;<K+
M$61JB)OGG#-7T3ES<4)<D45G-C=@[IF?[@E)W!XK/<"[#\Q@Q>H] O?5/K.3
M[&3"H"IY*[@UB9XNP3)K25?;VM=&H&^":Y4->PLS(GU39_0#OER&T%K*<=Y"
MF\WB E=&7%9.SW)WG1X5/IEH\$)3FI]2W@4Z5$&?VZCRS+J]+.5YPAU<I]7_
MI)QC\P"FL-B;MF\:^:5>8=OB%\=XJ/13R*W^&9YZ#M".M_2CY26W-HWVCYG&
MLQ:$M 6/]8PL6)U+H-M,Y=S?.I9BMK*L'!F\K<_='EP/E,-UZ0;<8.-)[,+"
MO'-^M]&P]K"?-XXL<4,9ER[W4L:UOG6NRZ94R^4UM"@<]-9Q,NSO[),N [6E
M&E.Y.!">G;#I,]58/9BMPIL5CR:Z+'.1]-SH2F^5NEKV7[5JHS0.#M)?9F^8
MDWN'9')0<PU<M-O.Q59=QWSF-;\2M5[RE=WM#U D+J<Q^R>C=B;5>I=Q.R7^
M$X0!'7.-%[,]^$R/00*/"X,_:D0"I>W&?C2K(7E/__<+RM?HZ"20ZJ;[GN,]
M;76Z[,WLS9:FD0MT\]?'?O9C(KT,UY),.1IKUEC'3B."!>[#PTY@9)23PXXU
MQ5,1)"(=5-8!DY./6!F5*D^);R3%Q^D]IIDSX8S,"8M76Q-?\S;2JZ_A.C1V
M4Y?]*[;#, Q=ZJ3L>9I6L2[MT\ -W#S<."R'JJMP<0[)0RQVXI)A22RPXZ )
M-#ZM"KZ!^[#!*JOH,R15DRAR(J6*> Y.8R(.BSU^TJJGT INFR29HSJN01-W
MD8_NF2BY<B@RF1'GJ WG<:]J$37FLSX.U,(MQ#:C()!ST;8,JI%Z6PP (Y U
MLR7TB+Y.DBMHV9/GH#_62?\: 4.OZ? =^; ]S8 3K *V9:$1BTH3A% 5TXD=
MSJ$>)X2])@*=J3$-:1&0I5,A92L0!J.9'CDL&5L/O8.]-N/"3O3$1VL7RYB:
M3)2A6"(0ZR"K6T,D=>D[-N.<ML"3+=$3)[E LX(S'1JB[?*1KS&7KQ&Q5SP0
M5ENVXM.*Y(JGZ[&:\ @[("G$K;'!!_,N^3 -LQ#!SJ$YIHO! 0$?Q?C$;O1&
M_EJ>/OJA+L.G>,,E@ J32AJE5\(_&%RHC0*U=J*5+!L5#*LN/3J+&0R4-^3$
MT)H+63LGG'LNQ K" BNP"S1$5+,S@R*>>*R9KX,1&\LYLIA%Q1.^R9*+;]3(
MC02WIV?Y-K"B$7[\*VBC,-8+,$-R/JCH*Y$"$.3[N65#*&DCN$LJ$&EAC(@L
M%O>(BW.<H?1(/;6BR-K8H,1@C(H<0P L2$C<F?P+#8!*0-89PJA@-8.J(RA,
M.8/@R*S42@-ZH6L)$WK,M_"KF;-9DM^S)>!!PH@$EB?DK<321K93P"1REED1
MP)4;1A=L"!;2'37L*S"1D>ZP%CK!IQ*#$<P)N_;PI\CZ/3WK/;!9.CTSQ+4+
M*_-+2)@D_XJMQ,S,!!F4)#E8G*B3H;<%[!FJP$*UM(W@2;3K";">-+WN$C?)
M-*N][ \/O)5#$RTYR<(X"9,\#,=:.8[1]*K4-,JU@KUE6#26A$1WD2L6M)H\
M"R3<^HU6@QW[^#B=U,SKQ$X7H1I:(B$Z%![GO(WZ*L6C,!/<:C7H:BX.XP\[
M%,;FD<1V],PQ\Q.SL$N!8"'6Z9&S\J-]VK]Q><9K_(L4#*OOZ2C#T!Q*A,N#
M'!=(5+P;PZ?$4T_GI+;LI- *A0W8V4V[6!+/<$>SX3@64SD_.[@6:BM%^KKJ
MV+02O+59S* NJ\903+6<')9?%+TF 2MV5#IB:9=+$ZN/*QLFTO^,W20VRWHG
M0B(6+Z'#QZ3.@U2H=\I'"X72*$T-23(2FYD[&_6+$!K)-;'!C;.QTH,_/RG-
MI&.X@S(0N?N9Z.,C&"R.P#H,/R0IJCH.JIF:^.0VMXDH,>29<(-(]E.P-UL_
ML^Q!-U4^!$073ZH5YC$-*6741J4C6:-$:S0K2Y3/O&L93GJ5Y=H_GS$P>3J5
M +Q2P3HU!CW T6PX5FHA'80:BK(J->0*('J71;M*F[".>?M1/+R.0VTT(4H]
M%-4TN"S5*?F6^IS/_9M01T769.T(4ED/:P$I/!NL7=P:!?E5H9%"\;H==9&Q
MP5P3B!,[F6,,YZRUT / !]HC%D+,;&W_55O:$I<3RAY,+,3DH)PKFYPHE?8
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M.O@@A!%*."&%%5IX(889:KAA6LIX.,PR'(JHE#[#:**,226>*)0^B\3P(@
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M"CB46R,,+  MG#"1;MUU1L5VV>6^<R]R@*RO!9,N'+OP2&K3#ZEY !QK_VN
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M@3#G04S7]0B9S]/F(U40@'A)D8622%(&S86#-.Y#FY:<I[_J.1!UFA, \3J
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M"<I'BIEE\4AGI59./T^<70G*Q95I.:_A9)7>P2L9*E,1+Q@>AJXAG1D?84P
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MA%S<:O_(;0[MSPO_>?%&7&-JE&N@ $B Z,LN$O##JBH8-4D11FK:)L.A],V
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MQFL1X%T%SHDA:I*!1(1UG\6L "IM@@%1J,14QC ( +*%(1Z]]Y(Q$D4N]PW
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M4LBRX<@GE,JZ;$*[;$),4LB6!LEP^<NFMD+"W,C$#%O&+,K##!?%',RCK,S
M?,S2;,VI/,W,C,RNG,K4W!4F-#_++,M\,<F)/!VVW,R(O,NA#"BR#!>@?,LH
M(<B?+,ZI/,HM=,BZG,XK],S3P<Z1PLWP?,CR3,J$#,SV7,[YC,["K,Z]_,]=
M$="F',^]/#^*/,[W;,[ZS-#\O,Z2W,X1_8T3/<\&;6H(+<D9O=!$T=#^[-$
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MK=U:KNU:K_U:L U;L1U;LBU;LSU;M$W_6[5=VZ^]-%C+M8OC"!6PHQC8&O(
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M!924,:,0&GT  ^<D"9'8C!R AD+@C<_ T4N1@=^*Q-7P-^=Z8:;!3KC8SD7
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MM3@!@R#\"71>DLP0PGT ^!@%;%"I9%)Q.U7)M6I)RD5H%6@I.2@G>)RPE;;
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M\MRL+FV;"^9E@T:631UN7&4=,)*7]8@NZ89>H0&7K.U6Y3 GQS$G.!7"2:V
M25$07:&3/IU.6TW02?TC&<55'195=.(5N3'6[\;F^0SO\J"F805OJN5E7OT6
M]G87>)$G#J"E;I9GY0YJ]ARN?HD4.PWF6OV Z&X;?=U..AEP>;)#!&>/Z&9/
M9_T' %:4!L5=9]%.X]+.\=(.78FE[EHN1@7J<T0H#GR"<C'73A%J5$D4?<7P
M7/[F?GA29_V425'4^7(3\GS.K%FH[0K8PG:85%Z7=RV/?6G6$-L4=MT5YCH7
M?T9+KJ%2[)&93M4#!X'F9J6<&YD"A:4D,8Y4C(7_@9+I*XA)) E56A]3CO==
M#CJ>& @A(84Q*>SLP@W@F?4\XJK6J&EB)N80(U**)Q ^6,EU4ZE!U^<HPWBY
MT1)7#M+V[ ^]&" >4@\"&AP] /TA:W0074<!V2TC9(<9'(<968Q1D-^2EQ_M
M6!\XW/;T&B,G5^^1:-L!:1S9 I/=VA7&G[KFGQHU6S)PF()ME*-! P4Y+!U%
MFQK1D.8AW3X\VZ@94+(%5%]YCO0^AR%F))!!,_6R4J6*TX@MU)/N@G8I61QT
M\@=]V7/8(8GJ90ZDFJ[%VCY+\^UDLZ!AK+11V6:) ;3Q3J?%7N78*4*;V"=4
M-$N.SB2KLM/R$\,!CS?__V]'ZQ0<_3+ 44<G<EN9A7/XR/.-BO0#J<XBZ%0,
MO5@GUF0T *E:2A0G&G,H(+.#?5C)M9F*H9JJ3?21_9NZZ2L G9FT"-_Y,"&-
ME<[D(98R;T'0B5PH)*!&H7+R62C<>9WIR<#>I4$+3=+RL9[(H0%:9QX+?"3X
M8<_:I5P^4)0=$2(C9((82,+GJ"7F&-!XF=!&;0X/7?0+SA'(:=]<#3;KR1Q)
MUU\0P->7+F,ONW5ZX0 7BC8+R)C&!9SX68_GT!T'(:&+NI !(MD8>^_-(=;3
M*9T,W+7K2=\*]!X!FF0F@&;888\"K])@RYKUC5[(I4'//0\D39 =S%IZ3=\-
M:O^@488!<7,/72>5S&7"VIF08\=8%3A>*'0UMCF1L\+."@8!HDIO8.Z=)NSM
M$RHT^L =]T%7]*W>UEUV>B]/ M16[]UM_+4@6M^ 6=>2)#74^8D<?=L<\HA!
M\\!.E07V8*OT%S(?/2CW#^&E68^4#0(@&=$8==PC[M%>]@6>Z]P=1<G<J?75
MQZ$R#RT?VG+22J67##02(V "8\U ;V%IA\%@#,*!?[O>\NS>Z*20]'$=B=-F
M]O$=M612];3AZEB0PVU!PSU==0?B<L/;!-&C56]D!XWC1=LT4'-0!$4".**C
MZB!I+L7C#F*7 5=.G;4.UN[0Z3 D)MXW7>N2#/!:)'/_4,@Z8ZC9H:MQ%#'%
M<D9SE1T=91,V.AY*6[*R(HO=U"*FG"E)DKD-VS&?EN8EF[/RZA@0Y!E)HPR8
M@D&^XEXZGQ6ZN0*MPVD5^B*<%)L'X3R0XZW10SG3D^H(XXLI [TA7<*Q.D7+
M=!?"Y#V+3BXIF*^!&C% PZE' RA!Q\?:8IW;LJZ]V#!HN70L=)4],O6JVT@-
MVZ%'^Q.Y;5GEX2GH,NBAK6B^V#O6W;$'8L.-=)8+(4]G8EY-].VHSHW2D3(\
M8RB TK8/XN=05R%48X%1MB-"8M9)8JLW81=>UJTO&R/0XXW&F3?+8>G U.Q\
MSCR0NC.[KXE!=9KKDH[=3R.9_R%!RN+]I*R4J]0V(6:-4=0-")J=3J9./>@"
M8Z\.=2A=9L\PB%MXUO4)7=0VK5>UMJ8^C>8E[>5[KA(A?,XN+)+T/. %I5RL
M;:YTLA/]L(-2Z5.;0:9^%54A .50)EZQWW,/ S$'^T]5ZH,D(*]67IUT"6;E
M/-8541D,0I*,PB6O!SGR[--*S^ =I.3.)[V!\B=$]0%7O9/R;"<9,^>\93$-
M12A 9:[]LKO=)<\$@8];3GA ]6 &092*Z?'JM*<%PU/M9.9>*7YK86[JCA-X
MQF:"JT&J1:<:G/1OV9QU@Y=*<3 "E;T.$?YNAM=4<M4_2=@H'UH."(..[:]3
MPB='K?]^V/^3\O PH^\4]+?/LG^Z]=@U!55^-.SE<%WPC(KE7(;!&DPZ!6Z!
M#-SG28<\1NWGO',0]5_6;CG@[@-$-'8Y]NW+MT5&IBTW9( J6+"6@WWR5H3:
M-P^'/D:AY!%\R.Y&#)%P]NDK)%+-PWWL*ACD$FU?K3CS8MS ,29:NYHQPAQ9
M*;*A2J%#B18U>A1I4J3*E#9]Z ZF4Z,RI5:U*I785:U(:Y$T2B_J4'W+'NK;
M8K'I6*5,MQH=>%3MT4AQVA:-2W1@6*?RNL"\6Y4=D*%@"^I[65>HX5.(&2M]
MV[CQWWU9"Y^%+)2=CLM:V6JE1U8EY<VC29=N/-=T:M5-YX4PR:%7*[L8*5<C
MUK=(QIVZ5&N7Q(VVZCR/;3/#M;(8<K[#O>L&9LY8WR38D-G]>'X=_WMV[5=Y
M;_?^'?SW773#)\4W8SK@ED:5I]^J[WCYI.P>R ?/#H)]_?NO"H?]^*%=C-BL
MN-3\LVTY_A1$3$#5Y$$O&,$*:L^T76+PZJA=)(2(O,OF02^VX1944,/^0!Q-
M'T. (^I#JQ;I$+(7;5/1+AE'K&N>! MR3B5S-FR,):7F62&D&T1,*D?8:AE0
MJGSB0PS &]LR:\6K?%1-N'UXH:VD)U'D CFDS&&RH/%&Z\B]I.3)3TK^QNQ/
MC#2G#*-*H="L:A<,(<O3-CJ-6D3/-M-:Y(XL,:M/I0@;&P:F I&:1P8YC3*T
MK$+J1,HP]U(,11]-,&5$-T&).](J14F[+?\42*-99T,*&9MGDY(L;6_3#'^T
ML3$!6PRQ*$;W*5$_?8C1ZT#;AD4*V.!FR/7'%,-D<5ED!?.UNQAA%,H_6.$R
MY)0'IZM6U+U._.C'?:ZTJK.'9*Q.R$@Q!4TE;U6*3M*AE'N6*"?QQ=9=R"2K
M*UVGXF+KWJ8($^I<T^;!B1<R%9,J8)6B?#BI-P,,]"C"_E6I6*MX' K<?=@Z
M>#22C8*O7J%,/MD*22T^&=Z'[A1*M/<L/0JCE%'>![7-S$0J2K$6J?*S@B+!
M>$%A@#IE%\U,BD/I&&0X95/A;A/).G8.6$@&DH()8I^H<5BQ-:Q_$DE$"V/X
M(>JU?4.;XWY7<MK_4MG@OCH&''+01VV,F_XUTKS$YK2*,$02K&]]P@!ED9'F
M6>A"B8%0=<A0E,,DTLH/"@/Q! 1Z;4>18GBM.),8ITO5P<,6:>R#0II:I:AE
M"$68+42BR^Z\;0=]:*'A7B2DR!\O$D-(+=(0;QR6<1*F9%6ER/(M0#'DCHY^
MY3*?P@]_>_2PS'I]L=IOEX=U4PQA? 4<&$\5<I*&KXG+VW!@/9I=7C.KPUJ"
M%V/[@V[_=7(RF%?CNN>_&*"N?5J#6X#0)@P@F*4F,@C##2IRD?9QS'8'5$DM
M1$([UD5/=/<CX-@@>(,P!. &'8+4KT;R$->A+1I78T@,N?:)11S@0H]K_^'[
M;A _ A($)'<CX VBM:,B18Z#.-!$)%BW#%7]2@>*$EL,.-4X(\5PB,.A7$6H
MM(LB$! .^OO?0]Z'(?R913!+TF'D@$<_",[N0<G8P@%PH(P?>H]ZPH&&&)$X
MD\C=B!YE4@.5<A9(+3UP:.>)AE^XP!%WY>@4Y3!"DB8B-T#YY@AY,<R*S*3)
M1CJP3!NB">O@$*04]<&3H0!6,&8 C2W<X5^0@D;C5#FYPSSH&5N@RVW>\,JQ
M;"I3^Y 1E1XR)I/<P4) >- LX["+&RAS!LF0P2RIF"Q/GH(^)0%5-C5$27;@
M(!F'&0@TJG \[,6''L]HI 6QB9Z#+.:2(=M'/?]*LH53U$(P[=A;&':YB!_A
MDTIY6<D#'O:R8_(B!I-K92%.\:%H-*PLNO0-'(2A&0"6I9S74XY%("D/I]&)
M5N<;)A= (=';_-,Z6MK;601:$'^NA" 4@@F:QM0Q4%YO'S/=VR7'<DV5H(95
MQ,3G2A"Y2RZ$JB Z#<LB!O3$959!-[>)@T"%D8/L62289,R!*V$)+_Q-5*#T
M84>DP!+,84J/G[[Y$3T5PP[T;!)850W+6&$RC^-$0C!4W>J2CAF8)SZ.=A+:
MA1KB>J)C)M-;/GK84&>6U'WH,RP1>AP.7'FZDG#!%$,=*%W!LK!H6.^FR1(F
M1_K"6()$ @VS:Y/2Q,#_N9@8H42LY5R*"C6&/>* ?Z' 3V%>M"79B &X:HB*
MD]#2M+>@2B7K<MK0] =<-&!('G(KW="F:]F+$*0=85@!QGB9 UX4046_!6X:
MLMHT'<)!(W>XEUEP*X8T $=1N_@!(S(Q!KQJ:;Z9R 'R"O&&' CC![W;47Y0
MY1R36(ZD+#V <\G 6C2X-Y@0W1'H8.J7%[$+9?J@"J&$AMMJHBX'R6!!5+84
M+QS(=4D%F0<+H'$8T<IW$?7%JT92A8-?K:$LRVF:,\7P8$]-Z#"\ () GW9<
M%2E&(W780GO1D(GE\$)/O%&5ABY9F%KH9K>9RBX.PK LR8J(@ST6 QPFZQIR
M_X;IN +FT"%IQ6'\L->Y\"IS$36,NQ@ %\(ZSL%]+S+-P[BJ( ]ZK'8QQ+R"
M\&+/$EKQ0Z6&8!KBX,%CP$3+#FW&17A8MX*YC76?.&#>AC$.MV&2J@8R#()H
M:!T6W51S@?L&&W5,OO2UKV B%$S4[$K%2W9-6"!U-$9@HI5+?K 80B'E$2MM
M;()V#JO1\..2<,L_9G(H!\NE(*$.*+J1NO9H/R0,;9\ENG6-E(#RH=I.)9<D
MMRFEIHFMDDY:Y\ "'0:\\C%BF;VFW!PA"(WM5Q!O1V-8G7;W;/(AM6CDNR2:
M^*JZ [Y03K5,W27I15CT>9'14=,BY-MI#'1C(34\SO]=3,$PM_*RT5\9R258
MU83)856P<@@&+ >Q2#HM \G2@8EGH=[(4,)MEGNB3@92]0V9"G(2W'FDJCY_
M+<<NWCA86JI%$C:(20$EUWT, S@%-8*^+@*F-;G4T0?N2L(5U\\?12*E5;6X
MW(1)%^O=:ZAY*4<0Y#5AF# J[NA91$IZJFD:/02H#\0Y53H2<7WX(BQQI_"O
MZ&+R3AVDGU-%^MYP#I]GY2PKG5[XA2</#;(@[SBWX;O"TWI2F7T;F_795+]5
M&I9P]YEI1_?WOK<0!I+X%78TH1WHYHUH?\N-)ENEI;F 4#"JY.PA>??>23PH
MF+V7)!/"3/M6F=)-TA'$ZNW_R#J=5BBCG-7B#;9ODX5LPO=%>(3\8ACD1@IO
MN!N Z9NB(TF):1*26+D0<L+-YH$3-;J*EH38] &ANH>,Y,8DI(:E+$!68.F&
M:F*G0H)+.(:+"D%"9(,A%*[VT&:6(! :-N)J0NTD9D,EUHL"?P5$T,@$ZXJ*
M%">OIF:Z.(5K8F Q'H<\ZD\&/,4&%2[(C."KQ&=V="(D<*<E*$0FT*2EZHDA
MQ(!Q=,,_+) GP$9B$, O&*&)6*@F<*Q2$.>M0 5-6"6B#&=TR@2&7(C28@MR
M$$@&3*$08 E,:.Q[5B EG# ,H! BYJ?1U$HH.LEI6H9\; (GA$$-\J&(2F(
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ML2,F+^LIZ^+<XE(O]Y(O^](O@<2BM*,X.+(N0!(S O,O$U,Q%Y,QW[(=P.
M7%#^1C"#W$<1\4;X8(A\NJ=OR @&\J:DN,8BE(8A.$EJ& >&["8D+!-K!$(D
M@F=L&E,V9Y,V:Y,J!W.=($DER,(_AFD9'D,9"D1#ADH9] &J_L(Y9.Y7R$R<
M*,STU Z ! I2+$NJPHI4;!,[LU,[MU,JL^8$"T&%PH#+@BZC7&I#:@'2@ N]
M&N<U6F.[)&;?XF,7,FG!>@PG'@+*8@*W'JR4/$+=*E*L+.ICN)- "]1 #Y1
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M'';!&06'##X&3LTT*3C@3&F@#'FU0_/!<E:P$P;2'\?T%+6D'S*04)J 3S$
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M;<B"5&MMA>R$4K @VU@KL!;L-J&LECNH"L6X:(2)BZ!:/)3/IH'DD4$I?<1
ML4;L<O-NON5NN!$:0^Z0C;GR:H03)0=CW&(U&7ZL#PXD8\"HH&!4)% V$O<)
M</^>&:"1<L/R"BEPBQE#"68AC^)XTLU"Y.MM345CH"C2IMC1$ZH0V>$1.!<[
M1/$Z')%*CZ)!!;U.O167&0HY^%C[<Q$89$#P5EY@N!$U99=EMEEG3;..(JJ"
M\*@/G:(9*BA4G[&,JVCD:8NRO%!-:8M3%,,+%"Y=@FDFD7:AZ-KM'LAG"[T2
M*A,IHFJ!3RJ=&-OGH:0$PHO.?HV"(S+5I'HS!ZH66^<!Q2P,E[)%9M*'&!$O
M)JB=)0U2K3N</+J#H$%'+J3DP CB18UZ0:I%T'SG^5 FAZB2EHL?0UEWG_?^
MW4<9$X,*YK4J2OX91UY2W0Y'87*H5]J;P"7HHXFI.N+_6A,O S<IR@KI<JD3
M]3UE0LH807'.><:(!F@O"WV:7%NZ5$G>IU^F-3:G'RWD%*U/E/>_K#BRKN28
MAV9TL44& LM>G9X9>QZBX-T'W&B.2JS$HQ'6IXI3C(-<VQX1B":L?Q5&R^Q]
M/-:./7;)-3&4;"77=H9G[#U(=)L64R9 A^SF#ZM]"*X"I%U*)"IWI'8*\%GG
MGX<^>M2T9%<?M-EY@$@QQ$ CC:<-8B=LJ@PN;]P>@:KEANW%*+%&H +D&"D6
MH$D>(78LL#B.DY[.:O$CPQ!#&%"RB]>X)T;"XY*\K">5!R&L>>_YC,^ P OY
MI"EL$,K>PR#$FC2$P2[9FA=EVL*0,VUE[R"V"6!'N! 4+C40+X99CL.V@(/M
MH0$4A@!%^FH(!\R5)WEP 2$OX!"_>># (/Z3'_V4DISPE2<,H"@>03*ED#M)
M13>S4<.=+DBN20UQ+N5!&Y:2TL3\F4P&IBA$'>H'1CM@;AXL$(8)K==&QCEJ
M@53$$A)_8A#V<(9#*CQ%Y];20)DH1H&%X*&MF/=%G(%P73WIB6QJF(9]\&(W
ML9D)]K[F18-$QB"UD 'WQ!"')F)I:-R9I!^/-,,P.,QSE,$=0?0H \CY"G%
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MM]T M8G\:''4"/A K,P;L&Z\V4B_,3M_^R)",4WDMZ0-^1<9F<Q58H%?GH0
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DBB_.>...&S\.>>223TYYY99?CGGFFF_.>>>>?PYZZ  '!  [

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>image_002.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_002.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
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
end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image_003.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_003.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
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M:!9:*6\ABI:].MVNTM; Z>%("+,U0!CZJS\D(L\5;^7$,M^UL$41MC$)^F2
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M_]<#S=E"O>A%XQ3!\Q<7?N]0O<R;+*/^:$&S!+/$$R$E']033M;FC!?)/A.
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:"3,_]:2;4^RFF?;Y1#7BRE#S</>4?00$ #L!

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_004.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_004.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
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MVV)]HI[Y3#]CA"M++-+4ND:/IZ0,<*QR2!#18H@X$TG0'-[1@XMW1%95+-V
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CPA<7<6^:F2Q1+K$Y16YZ\YO@#*<XQTG.<IKSG.B$4$   #L!

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_005.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_005.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
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M'TNQ.V&T27MQHJ*T$TMU^V1Q^ >Q*X &]_IR\[03G!.R&O^+<>W1&KM0*/)
M)*'97 P1#0$9EK15$);*<3XGI&EQ=^5'%=#PJCW*<7?K&GXQ&;5P0Q,F76OE
M:H7H'>DEJ4WR.4656VYQ5-LE.,0 "G-+%4/6J@AAJBX2MD.1)XJU$+4%7<OQ
M?QSYDYGY)!+:5PDJ$93[%"Z6.J :N3,ACH=X,P)E6_XG<6KEJ $ IR$Q>JU[
M$SLW.';:<;G5NS2QJ:Z+%L)[$,20##D#N+KK8?R* RUQ1Y,0.J73%G\Z&?0
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MWG BHB%H;K6(6W5S<%V#R!=G%(E6@#);$<$"@$H!%A?7R!NM[!DO6<TJTP\
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MR%TF.XAE6MB;P7;,K)W=TTTWTOHFZ^7E=8*(]G%?WTZ:W7P:S3;8!JX"?[(
MZH.S)V0A?0R&9"UM[""&T16#JWC+X8;JI3$DV)G%!U@ZW%E4A'V7[S.PB\+O
M\^7E6K#J1="!>H6&B=AG# [_S5H(EM'69^#>Z2\UZ,[NVP0XB-JKWS$H<#1X
MPD=9*Q$)E6I9$4(QM+M:GH')P3^T$279M?/&C:"Y-E/&BEVPD@5!ABJ@D3"(
M)L6\".L-U&7ZXF1)GU!(W5X1UR]>!+>1V5.@A3<R)&.Y@368W75BI/=IKBNI
M6?0='R=NV8GP\2X_K5RC&@>2V0+'%:JT2JQLM,?A'4T=N=BBU.G&\4RH H+
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MH'P<$E21D"@H9=AG??99HEN0R!"0Z$ >,@A##O8A#!Q$_P("M5--2@9"E)P
M@1T(@$85$ *#MA$0 <(@3]Q H87C"&5H^PA& @ARP%TD(& QD-CE8E:!ELF&
M/$B36>V^*(PPU,R,.-E"#'B3PTE2$BR-:].*'M.F<OW)71UB8I% >;[UO5"4
M2RRE0VIA 9+ P +[F,<*PF"2LP$N9W?,P1NA(4&"((UGF*!-/E8 BEVJAI!!
MBUD6@XD)&03H;)'(P=GVT4O:U,*+![P=ST)1B[:Q('9:L$GU*BG.<;H$&I.(
M#Z@B<X.=< 8'R F?KD!"M-QA)">_>^4*=%8%W%BG"MI!C1D-^!$Q/,^0,G@&
M"T)QNE H0G4$Y853\I>1^^V#%Q\R2(8$Y3&&:!RP%A5X8S2>1T#^/9-M; LH
M-OVE$>DQ_XV<+GTI0XQ#'^Y)YE>J>J*EJK4+C*"D JV1VT"B8P")940+\Y'8
MRTZ1$W"ZS6W! );KYG@3B/WQ*;4 S0%4(HS/:,>9.@@>+KOIR/LE\G8HB<$6
MCH"TZUCT;3!]:R55=8 >@FLR\T*<.P\P#+CRM:]^)4Y:YBJ&95QF1H5+RU\3
MJ]C%JI..W:/,]D"#LFK))9R,O2QFGW.6^?SP,<LHE2=WE9,V80<H1=$"@[*X
MD%H(9G1':0DOTL(Y!.W"A9F][2<["Q%HV/0X\,S-J'XK'";:9QG*T,=E8#.&
M9(2"JBK)!Q?F9ITP%NTCM_,<2OB)H$5$A:A:U$("6D(S\-P39_^*T MV3N>\
M"ZX  +/%[6VC(8E,Z'8ARJA5O#HFG3#4ER"I.@Y/#O#8T4!CN$EL(HO61UCB
MOA RM?#!1@="C&?L<CO215J16A*8N(4"< BZX@\DT5Q>S*XE'$XE C*QB+IL
M)P>9V()):/8&.6D7ON-DBQ@F08P"HZAQ>@EM1-*009(5B5T(X4D:D.N2]QAJ
MKC'8:Z>48=P72O&'4BX29)ZJ6C'NTSI6>!L5I\B=E"Q&N@1Z #L2PPLX1,)B
MP93N=DP"RTW((P:@Z @*PZL/0J3&QI1D2ZPJ%9\8;.9"^M#$6>3:I:Q)9!EA
MB ]RD".)?3R+D?F93X5V(ER'A&&N;I+_Q*:M=$J&@+*42DZ//ABA @N"\;3H
M/<E!=D>08%ALJP;H\X<C8=N,2/25,(L+%41RG;XUAF>F8.U C.;G'*VO5CKF
ML60F$1ZL6BH_-3E< !SG)4)CU8@,H<=FCY,&1LZT3D[N6AJV#63QF2P&_?T0
M$W>\#VC4U8G[J$>I!521&Z2&8"T]YBX,VIAY5,&%*('#B3'$R!P0EB"1L.#H
M0,.YN F[X!9MR6Q H0@(J"9_EETVAA*%52_Q)"BVBD'7WF*D^:@@6FU!0Z)V
M4JQ(!R ,55,04P:\#P7]V-T#&=FVT6)$N4X:(HG*S[LQ%&\L.V09T"Z07&#S
M,&+*QF^$?#-(_QXPD*1^$4/!8R:OM:X:M\16N[#D2-J L(Z$L>, $$S-Y"P+
M -T!*=OQ 0"]= <>N[>707/G27@ <'?# 0#P[=W)W$$3'@,$?B<J8-/C?Z0[
M #B>7HO7G0H,D.V\!Z#NF6\OY_?^^<3_G;R"[[OB#4_Y "0^\HP__.85+WG6
M5YX^E[?[YNE#=\S?/?2%'[W?]1[XP:?>](@G_(\:'WO73[[V> <M0FJ"$"=?
M6_&VGWWF<_]WS_=>]X#G.[VB@IR90GIK,_7T0;"*E@ +/_F2GUJ02EXL1;>7
M/J72R_WGKOG'MUXZ]_]_7@#@Z.F>]9%>\!V  2+@ ;9>38A!JJS>__^%'P0"
MGNW-U$PQ!WW<"O&@P23< +W4W^65G^/EA=Z!'WT8RO9 (+TX'F0,@VDL L=-
MET@X#, YQ<4)PZ_!4B@07$L=R#K\@!8DQL/%2$Y(DG6H33^%#MBYS8JUQI:!
M'(=02/0YH)252*Q$%D(DW41DQHLXF<]E!;$ BALTPCIMD@$,R56D07QT3ZIL
MFQ861K[)1*DQ&+Y=""EY1334 S2L3S)H0HEDPA\"HJ X73WHP\>1Q>E,1W64
M36O @,3D#,0<P";H@R(<1_'P G)L"(;PP@^@1M@1!&$1S*[%F33=QNF(Q"XX
M0#0$7.S &!1^4JQE4D1(PH]Y16;D1Z2@A7/_O$M^1$A0R =_984^_,@*0)N"
MT L:^H:@'*)$7$C#5864K8\@KH4TDL@D6*,?:H(RT$-Y+ ,]2&.)6&-D] ?%
M;(%;[4@:P$8,,,T0@@0.@$)L-9?1!)R*V0U)Y  FN&+<I $FV- K'L@P1,7C
MO,2C%=%6Z->U$9J#T,-71 T&QL<-T!=7M*&9#$MR$)EE3-F\,01OE9,4R:$?
M!B(QT-=(DH@V#H,?DD@F:*,RZ*&'L$,>9<D6S,>6X8O8@017J485%$48*$]U
M((-.T XOH,5[_>-^*,A<<0M,>,9-%8<8)&0,3!991(W.886AI %HX<"IB06#
M&9<=?B6",61#@$OB'\3A"[E@6XQDO!$#_*Q/2F;",!##,FSE0HQD6S!171G_
MY42L0U$^Q.F<HUZ&R']5R+H]Q YQ%E5DQF&-7U6BAX*@Q90T)F8P74: 2QY>
M2%Z.)5N02-5,"UXFD4D*RDJVQ6BZH%T2 S,&IF',@Q&JIHU,0JG,%0Y(ID.X
M4[ \!#0PPJV<W$Q]1@:F7('41'X 9U>8TAL.1#249%OL(2#6X5B.YC5FPM.Y
M)G6Z%+0$"?F$VDL42_>8AE[H14W0D9? @!AHYW[\2C)Z"A)])JE]9*M0V1_^
M%E7.8?Q(BS*D9G7F)_9DQF<$A;<UB1L2!+(<!T(80('N5QH,PS/J"8M46:O8
M93BF 2!:XQ^F071R9D2,I#;6(2 >IWY^:,8<HZEX_RA#)$K-_5SG'0K*[0J#
MO5#U7.;Y .)*MB1RZL,I,=$>NN12*F=S@JB/4E+'M M&*@Y3I($D3,D7<LKZ
M?-PW_B&%CIK*F>>/3JFZU /,%<[4,)HM)J7C%-V>T!N"5<U<#@2^"8I=<J99
M4JF:ON(M!@7^S8>49H4D!$5^0!F">&-+,%B\%5B:HE+[Q L3!:(FH&2<KJFA
MWM9]F9^!.B!QBL5AD6AN+%TI,60]Y*%FAFDH9:9QH:2,<B9^'BJHXI9QH)\/
M*5TH=:9]B8^ SB%F\MB-?N1TPD3L+,0>*J=)KH^.AJJN_N.<?@EM-N- ?.."
MB5*?>LH=KD^!+9$^/ N.+O\1/6@"$B4G<:FE5Y+EL3H$;Q&#F8ZFDX8C($)K
MOE6C2KKGKI;KQA"#K4"J3(B!I_VGHZQD^I"D'YHI*?'6?5K%A8P:?44#<8%C
M=$XHA7:J2@9L(-[EMH8DM*[DO\XK?>UI2T*#5Y[I-=ZJNIJKQ6K*IYC,A)HH
M>;K<540-L80?.UV%<2DGI[K@H*(DIW:K)HCE>Y92_!SK^E#HA<+KE47),\ZE
MO;7GH(1DPVKKH#0L9L3JQ1:MN@1D]47(MLF<X:3GDCU@K"$'6M3I2TQKMZ(I
M3'@EB5":?>6KE'TC%'7J'U:LT9;M>G1@HX;(';Z$)M3)#01I?ECBG$R)M6FI
MA#%@!QJ0)KMXVI=H!@XX+;X)HM@2["#J@X?:)2FYY9D6;#:VJ-D^KH[\"J3M
MHHW\"N7A0&=!B& MQ"3X$)0HB'RH !I4C7ZA!3%&RI%(),X0UUN&IC1&XU@H
MP\#*Z# 0UX)"_R[NXHB]@@L:1)K_,9I:(DAF.!FB# 1OD:0TB@$QPL 89"O1
MQE1@U4E!U@3U=8F$:JLFS.XU#JKJ2H;0YB[X5@G<KI[_X8"<8(UIS!RAH4%F
MIL>@I &$6"!\J$JVJ1_C+>T!B($+$FQ(FB2A MJ";%++;<8DP.\-2.BX]N%Z
MAB\#WU#X* ,.&$Y:2-^*[H,F1)H7YB)H1.1YX)C(;HU"3 *8O(BB+4@,X("T
M/./YQ*43Q>NWELC)(8<8S&L+NVP#WW .W=7J\5!:<"#,B<'3_0J $5KG=F%0
M##!S!&.D@FZ7L-Q\!,H?H@$&WLK?PEP8S.8V0JK\X# 7DU,F6,J1I?_?D$:)
M&." G19)&LSD^(5GFY!M<7 !I,W5C^78A'[K<2T#OG6Q'E/G2-)BG0" 9ESQ
M&$.C\A[H^!7J6$@;:.D%&JALO&D"7>ZQ)"N6"*/%;D*)[$H"K*C?? C6I\+G
MK7XCOYZFC))F_\H5>3YO5QQO*8OP^*G ;$;R),_R974,]08P6DP"6TRP7/%0
M<MC<F;2/*==QO*'EOQHLN)YF71$1H;DQ00"LX!9QF\  YM*R-2/J72&$K&Q;
M]:6?FQ :?1$6OUYMP9KIIGTR0^@P'</$\6KC$D4L,2]#HK"Q8UVS/6/*+O3E
M9%2RBB;8J,A'6LQ7H YJ_Z+I?1:KC*1?&/S_*S% ,D.4Y+\:,^,R9&:$L=3.
M2?O>LT9G"7?]474, WC=37O-%B6^6BFN5T=D&Q!\JN6.'Y.@I%O2US"DP:TH
M;'P:;/=&1B;D153Z*[R*I"K?&W**02[.B21(RT8G-9Z &".<PNK @-C)F)RP
M1LRDV(JUHHNYHHS%X[&H&XT00S*H)%QJ:!U#Z6_\2J1-5J!V:$P,0_TAQ*\J
MM5SC2 68PZZMV1!VA)X10F*0XIS5V9VQ(A]Y$Z[%U WT8LW)J#82B#Y$L*K$
M]4.D2MQ"]EQ7-HC(0"3,ED2!A&HI6S\]5TH0FS0)P+%U]A,N1%0$14WD[;<@
M"+N>C&%JQ@F>8<.F_Z^AV*UEYS:/S"3#+42;M<3&==S>O-)>]),17)PTR8#&
M<9Q-AE,0"4DFI-MG?!XZG2Z  2!V!^#B@>!,J:#]!6#]&H[]6G=UEW<O)T?U
ME6!L$F9X^"[@J1]X9[=\DR!\SW=V&PX%>K=^E\H*YC=_?[?AW!V @X: [S"!
M@Z#C'7A_CY[CW5V#PQZ#@]^#[["#2[B%1SB&5WB&0[B&=SB'?SB%@_B$(UZ#
M:Y_RE=[OK=[<01[>!=_SL=[CU9W^_1WEM7CG\9^+JWB,3U[FT3AX;!^.*^"+
MK[B,]_CPK?B-XUV-MSCC$?F*XYUB@83RU(9-.F&R;4B=G9;:L9W;>6+1Q!H&
MJ9F(,PM'JC!(,HY*^FT!K%3*F[J)#>LVG,I7R0\&(4&P5NPT(6=W3A@1C!(6
M6S?A>:]I2:I$WXN ,*F91MZ.>9PO>GIPHI=GW079(YUGA%;_#LW@1K^L(GF0
M(IYP;%HP,J.'.I^D(^4PS0>96 SPHU_D>3E8]505 C[J8ZKWHYEA"3%L%@P@
MLJCO^HW,)#@!AE 291*"$0P@P"8,!% *S,,,Y0&T)J\_N]'R)4Q8$6!"N[4K
M=3M0[K5O.[=WN[=_.[B'N[B/.[F7N[F?.[JGN[JO.[NWN[N_.[S'N[S/.[W7
MN[W?B3N^Y[N^[SN_][N__SO ![S #SS!%[S!'SS")[S"+SS#-[S#/SS$1[S$
M3SS%5WS1YK/%9WP\<=<*(,!?[,+BA=="" -3J&(QA<=4S$,8U 15:[S+$\@;
MA4&(_44P:"+.P'H^8L1BJ#JFRX F+$+/O+S0[P<MZ$ P&.&I-\QMX-DJ[K7J
MT/FE#[W4_[-'OTC"KAW30KA-<@M4LCT GT]7#TZ]V \'2L! ;]_1<2 %W?B+
M- 6 *1 &ON1 ,JRC3N[:0BCYXRF>_FU>C6\>D/P>XST>X*VXWF<?_XF>X E^
MCPO^C^<]CN_?\Z7XW]L=DC<^B^_]X4N^X@=^X5E^X4-^W^\XX%=^BU^^X4>^
MWV\^Z1/^X_,]XD_^XG=^Z7^^ZVO^Z#/^[+=^YJ?^[<L^ZS-Y[?,^Y>/^[V,^
MZHO^\/N^XP/_[B-_[ _^\AM_Z"=^[T._Z8/^ZZL^\4?_Z4\_['.^]=-^\U-_
M\H>_[A\_]4<^DY<^YU,_;GW=7]##7"Z"R _$VHD7"T"0V.4/Q?]-%T  V3>0
M8$&#!Q$F5+B084.'#R%&E#B18D6+%S%FU+B18T>/'T&&%#F29,F.PM)H$4B0
M78Q0!(6Q.+6/'0)3BW+LTX<S7Q4X^WK^-#F4:%&C1Y$F5;J4:5.G3Z&*W/5C
MD0Z=T6C*)"@O1IQ]NV1$VY4@FCZ5^K8(G+?B3E2W;^'&E3N7;EV[=_$.1,D+
M1PPX^JK\4*;H0;2U<?05PI$I[3YY*]Y(<OE51J8P.+#FU;R9<V?/GT&'%GUP
M6!@ ,7)@G0<CAHR7[&3,Y+H"\\!=,5:LW'D@QJ;1OX$'%SZ<>/'?Y8PHW)73
M>'/GSZ%'ES[=*"^AU+%GU[Z=>W?J\\+_:$6K(L?+G7?T\5KAE2;JCRV9M\P]
MD)U ^'I5Q%C)$6ULG5M@2$TG1D+)9PO_YMD"  $[VF4]G7A1 0%0Z+//O8&"
M>;"C_F9"*T#5NBCKP)G84>$ MCQRT*OT)*20)B#2TW"?6AYX[T+Y5LHG1 [G
MR>\T]CA2$<(6!PPEQA47B:$KC^YK;SZ@0FQ2F/P8W(C#_SXL<DK]L*QRHR8=
M/,"W?8(!8AXM ,#!O$56N,Z[X0R, 0&LEH-&$8'TL<*46GC[29@5;(# (V%B
M@,$"G0HQ(L&V:H'CST"!V@*.>:IH:Z,S;V"!SAF@J4HG+C[9X@8!L.)%#0.!
MS&@WO_:9)X8[_\HA:T9' 144T24YPE33KSCU5)X<,"65)B\U6O4G5V&5M=%%
M^AS(0#<U(M101!7=HBUV@-4BT\Q:G<Q*9EE%-M:RN+BIV9JB$::VC:0]-+%J
MK\WA44&?10O:BW3=M%.K] %5TK5 V:57JSB:US$9[##' :R6U:%3&)/$]<WA
M]"%&F+ 2$VBY:'[=9YADMEA1DUKVVXB>D=5RR:R_N#B%'E!('H@8$>^]2).+
M3]E)XQI_U<>7B[G5N:-VGJGTJ]1<-5(,ES79A6!V^K+#(XOG%'J7&G<YHF*@
M::KQ(Z*-WCAI?<0(!6Q+T?7HY)C'EO0KK6_VSS9B,3K[:,-6. 7;??_: =FK
MC=G9U624NS72[:SS(3SPF6+FB.JR%MG9L9QFMC?RK[RVDG"Q\^[7Y65FM&J8
M9T*>V+C%T?(J\&CJ&\A>@JX&*79YM*I%AWRXR(S&@FB?J:/54:4I-G8([IV@
MGE[:L/3E_HL#]\QBWV<1JE+]4J;@88MF$;2U8F<&;I7_.Z?4GV]>)T]EYUDK
MYA=)?G77"RG9RN7'#[EU\V$+Y6KP-9I]_9P6,:;896\GF;/>*; GD_LYA@6E
M*!UL?!<DK-7/>;ESUA:2\Y^:F6XTZ'H63>:T"/8$[WSR*];ELK>/2.1 '@33
M1R0(=C[F_*YJ59!:]D1(GSG1)P!TPTA/T./_J9[$@7BNNUR"3%&(ZFF$@#8$
M(32LD)FTL<, M.%?1H"X$ZL,<6] <6*/8G" #5I$: 2L"NY\E[;"?22+M3C4
MLW8Q0K?M)#]+Q$@9,18Y- [D<OGP"\C&6)$FWC LBQ"*%K$7E@U=KH]5(&(,
MN>9%.W)0- 1\H R@80C?I0YV,VQ03GJGCUU @!<9/!I,M,*DV"0RB;XSW@4#
M21%.3N4_=]B%*9DWRIW$DB(0#![MD,&@%+JN,>'[R@]JF35B>H4OK$MED$!9
M.PO,8X80M,WW/C++^L&!"\GC)&Q,P0M%?I*!,X$A-3M)GQ7 0 #)XX@O'XB
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:1YCWE1BPP X=2TP 8!  H?1$:M0=2D   #L!

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_006.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_006.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
MS,R _\RJ ,RJ,\RJ9LRJF<RJS,RJ_\S5 ,S5,\S59LS5F<S5S,S5_\S_ ,S_
M,\S_9LS_F<S_S,S___\  /\ ,_\ 9O\ F?\ S/\ __\K /\K,_\K9O\KF?\K
MS/\K__]5 /]5,_]59O]5F?]5S/]5__^  /^ ,_^ 9O^ F?^ S/^ __^J /^J
M,_^J9O^JF?^JS/^J___5 /_5,__59O_5F?_5S/_5____ /__,___9O__F?__
MS/___P               "'Y! $  /P +     #8 G(!  C_ /<)'$BPH,&#
M"!,J7,BPH<.'$"-*G$BQHL6+&#-JW,BQH\>/($.*'$FRI,9:<4RJ7,FRI<N7
M,&/*G$FSILV;-1?% ( CE,!V,')$VZ=O$8 80' J7<JTJ=.G4*-*G4HUH8PP
M<!B=TL<+QHH' H7)",4N1LJJ:-.J7<NVK=NW<!W^6'1V'R\XD68,I24T7Q4C
M<0,+'DRXL.'#AZ_6)5H+[#YA*^Z4]8FXLN7+F#-KWAQQ2]"A _,.+;I3*.?3
MJ%.K7LWZIKXP*L8*U-=88# 6H.9M28I0Q0$5.X/['A[\Z/#?Q6,<!W[4^&_D
MS94_9RY\>O+EUZU'Q[Y=>W7BW<%__X<^GKIS\>?)IS<O'7U[]>_9<R^?W?W\
M]?7AWX^?7[YW_.'I]Q]_ ?IGWX#[)8C@@@<V**"#!CXH8804]F=A@1?2A^&&
M&G:8WF:UO*$%;_O4(E11IM76VHHLMNCBBS .M(@=A?!6%%@H$K6(:3'VZ../
M0 8Y51J1B!$#' /M(L-0O,1PAVXD"BGEE%16::5&6P00 X_[[#C:(BL8P.65
M9)9IYIE5Y;.%4/.L<,H^\JR0PS[L(# 4.S*\R=$NBZ'IYY^ !JJ4/ENL$$H^
MAM(9@YWSF+7/+GH)*NFDE%9*53Y4' !'HSXMXL,6H>BC!1Q%16GIJ:BFJJI!
MT[6ZG*O3&3I$J!@S)&.H/H7 L062B^A *)*K!BOLL( "!T,,QR:+[++**AN#
M 0:I^<86F<1P2J.@+))4,#,\4X6>_\2&*^ZX/QX PP$K/)=NNKZMJRZZ!JP@
MZZZ[X, "64LJ&8T\+&"2 &CD!BSPP*<19X!T7AWL6\((KW!NM%5(=FPHNP1P
M+*-;A#$GP1QW#)(R'L=%:!RX(I!M4GZ1O,@!IH;L\LL(9?+J<" ;U!S,3_EU
MASZ[K/#)%BD1FE0M,5"&\]$XBW%PNLE:'$,,%D<-@]/*/1OFU?%F30Q"Q&2R
MCS+#("WVV&23)(9S7B$77+-/'W6PT\H:BUS66"\<@&_1W5SVWGSWO1 :3GL]
M4";$1(-LU%!/?>P*-R2NI99O(XONL?$>>T#5R\)]. P ^.WYYV7*W"I)F3A\
M@!B"[T/X0/].(V>N0\J((<:Y*SP;G!@XW"#[X8YG?E$F-8,N_/"%&7GYPLJE
M_E&U\8KQ]2290%^0\@\I,TE"81,3/$'5'F6Q),GEO0\]TX&LC"9==ST)].PK
M8_WVQ,<OOU/+^B8=TUA;1 P:>3ML,>H+R<0R(J*)3.B#(=13W=:6!:_ZV<YN
MR;J<5V 0+V6X#6MI %X"JZ>,U<WO@R#4R.RT=(.M"21SQQJ.U/*F.(LU9Q(W
MX%P,'%8UA>%@@P4A1M@@<KV&9&(8RXB>$ F2AA0V<'+HXIW%PI2XM<W-8;5[
MFJL,L#XT0"]O,9"$ L\GQ$G +X3"0X,'P8A IGWQ*+0[V+&.,D/_A<4 .5-#
MUM4N=[#GM-&$#7D#1#KXD +BT2!H>%H<@:.PRS4N;8AL8NN 8RX:&LMI3"0.
MY9X6 #$:1!EHT)XR_DC&O2GC:< 9Q@IW0L:LJ2 -"^MA0O2QKJ45,CBPC)<$
M8R"&]5ED&)Q4"/ >$HT=*F2  NG@,#0A$'H<!)&H2QS39"?+.,;1E4^3I?]2
MZ,*=M%"& ,#ABH0!'*'LHF4,49-OEI2D,76R>H%DHKFLUK:G:=-OL9-.-)&E
M2HI0KG:50Y8F0*:/758D&O5<2$"?\L5)B $-:-A=Y0XPC :V$91O%&1\XL6B
ME.6#F+4 YT+T$3$U 6L?\]A$1(2Q!3N5O\@ P]$HSL#V&U.2)P8WN)K5U/@;
MYPFO'H$D9!O]9]./J0^8%A%B&@9*D/.U)1JK^^(^:.@V>0) #)((Y/'6R42E
M<H9327(,1$25DEI 8"##? A7CC6F1O4I9 !0' !BZAPYKM-B/11#X]"8KC P
M\9T>:XY:K=E )EK.F!CI6CT*TD'"0<,C@E,>^S(!V-78[YG*N8%:%DO9+EJV
MLO/Z 6@6<0/?A$(87M%L68YDE!P ,V5%^=0-<K"+KW)S+-QT_])![K*(2"6)
MG"[#)".!,\-U-O*W*O"G+MEEU8YE HU:2J33;N!%CFRR@QTLX&*!BECW^;-K
M+]KD0.CQQA7@E2F9R"#TQ!M>H9IWO-$[2#NV(!M]]4H?R\@'%T(ACP# @1TX
MB(8B;+2%)VWA#57P9@YT1@]."<.V!>&95HE2HY>AH7:N4QPM'_PLBH#O<I,"
MP' R4<OB"C2FO'-F<M/0V(5TD'TFSD0!S4>, Y9DD^A+;(R4IXSAX,"74JFL
MCB]K682@J%3[H 40],$(N^+K%+4XR@I^(!!,O3$-T-A5EX" IS>5104&P*U!
M%J%E>1S)96*@SKF8PY'.[F0XG5L1-O_5RA#WA5F"H\SE0/2AM#"A&6')K4@]
M,B' 8$HO9AXFB?2 AUT8$6.HT5M&(*]9S:/H+HO?7<EYRXO>2G?Q#405"#M8
M<(I=@,73N\C!,^;+KT[K(,% :W*J:6$!/-TI3POQ-$%V85*/&0\&:1!)/7S+
M6]00(ZT!D.NZ:$?L& 2T@R,\%\-L]T8*YO*36C*=Z9@M9XCP.9=\#AYE9?+#
M?70M$X.-D8L[N+^G6:W8C(RCAEN*M1A$VBGS@+*7:L'D'6FK3:>H4S3J! U)
M4"9ELZF"'4H$!$3=@1[/ !H[/IK@VH)&5*=6R'!<BF4[LQNE%Y^XQ2N.<8YK
MO.,4#_G&10[_\I&;O.0H_[C*,\YRCU]\<UB;YA+IQNB:2\UBUC'7 8#M\49K
M'-B<V[A>[V9*G[,;Z  0NC6);F>C5QSI2@?Z Y]H.R;BG.-0/-Y#KZ:XV@V]
MXI)SYN1J!\&;M_"@DQ#O)!YL@%K:#HMB&$.\;I )L\><;O'"HMZ+<S6>YWVO
M&L9!<)ZS]Z33+6\JQ.;2 1^^QA?>\8Y7Z\9A-3/*PZMV;JB=A)V&<WFF&VHP
MS_OB&SUZQ0/=A2RA!VQ,]BBPT!LR-QC+IJ-1E!4X )B_4G5*9 U: 9#E:6?-
M*FC*$GQ5=5"0R9W<3JK]D>#0\#!RG<3!8CEL7I];Z_&*)CZ1A0,Q_RCCL =1
MFN2F'<=)N#@BA6TN0;Z-U\0&^FB9+BK(&IHV0F[?=(AD8I@2(GT(VS\&JU$+
M"'!;X%(F-'-)C5-G79=][4)L#>02:( N[T90[C%(4T5#%61B[;0P:<!\!1$&
MT39]1S&!!P%NO[-)).@RF0 P%G$PV?>"^.1U[;$3I3-F[ 0MJJ$/D6 :$&<F
MG\1KY-& #]5LS78YPB43-?8Z&7&$*W$V4G0LVH<LN<821D44&'%9[\<0>Y:"
M+J,]&G%_YS)^83B&4T5+YP03T& D4)1]EM.&0W@>M%1B-8$#4]-3%2%'7(@1
MD@!G"7,URL!<) $-ZR-$WQ9N%\%''N&!9/^C72,!#1.D)0UH+G9XAA41/<DV
M<UPG-5SG6[RC9$\#0&F@15+!7<B2A\$$>MG7'2&1"3$U-::H$5X83."&B!<1
M?Y2X$-#PBA&Q3FB$+IETBP_1?W@W39?#0% XAD3X'+;(%IK0+A111)"D;()T
M/%F80\%#'Q FBC QA0;!A U10'P&/<0$C!*QC.1($Q1VC(FC==Y3?Y.C)4J6
M?>='&+-S .9H$)* 1CB@#Y"H+HIS ,R';,DQC,AH.P>CB"*Q23K$-2DH6-5X
MCB78-0\)D1UQ?.*C.LH&CTTD!F'5(OHP.8&6"8SVB0,AC7ZE)6%P$,.  [R%
M1J"T3H^ED4^%D"+%(8Z9 'XE6 \GEEX%$42+19$6L6)CA'X3R7]=!$)N9AS+
MLI3LHHN<48^,<!#1@3^2$UP,<3@6%!RLR$1L1#>_=2Q%23I9^&W U#4L.)1
MF1'J%Q$\^3MD- G5$1R(LT22125.E1Q>,76*(P;C&$#ME$*P9&Q.28432#W$
MH$I\EI85F8=>M$]'&1%[)C]8]()9!#"B P, 5"69 $=:UU<W$)8GM#0Z%T6#
M^1'N$TP'L983L4MHJ9AJR3[<:&+$E&U^QH)MUI?_PC-"#M1V-&DE[<25RP(
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M.A+):F)>]$/18#T!FCJ3,$#F!Z0FYFVI$PVQJ+):_TL17E(4>:(;$;<0B9-
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M^W;NW;U_!Q]>_'CRY<V?1Y]>_7KV[=V_AQ]?_GSZ]>W?QY]?_W[^_?W_!S!
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MS4,3T3B;+@WP X)YC9K*TD<5>D9!<O)2!>V$AJ6B<2@@$ P'P\ 6.352$@2
M@A<Q@$.OTI")& 4)9<EZI);P-1(X6G!-?D.30'JEHI0@[@;%_]Q'/JK0J:K9
MH5=C*&<R5$#%F[FQ?"PPQ;\R(090$"P'Q,"$J;(Y*9?NK)_A3!@&B62'L^4
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M!%W;F5+=@B!QFE2-UAY_CGJX@9Q;P[]&"$TX7]V="GW(WS6?9+,@)Y%M7Y5
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M6<0[XAS$/(1!\;"[ORL'YKB0@"E/^W$$H2]UGZ_ R&V4)BQ"YOP[Q.<&+>B
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M'H'$I/.2IY>VQ> 'U2+3_0H! .Y,DW0^$XL,[ !&RBT((0#(5%8]RE6OWE%
M+_R=65> 5K6Z[S (D%70<K?5-$ C.73%D!8"L,JR>N6L:2T15/5!RI0@<1_(
MV,(!.+KJNP,^+P8 4.PE\6I4#Q+/*VWS5?W>8MD#$&93E3J <Z2U55_^,EWZ
1$,M45[HD\@4@?$Z%2D   #L!

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>image_007.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_007.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
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M%F^U!2[__/0?U!Q]P*&Z!0Z@^ I$TMUC3'-N0#:"@$PVAR)&:H($!ADDHX
ME-0!,@'!';5F?7"11PQ^T)I0 (=( #K?P4#AF6CD U0'.X_*9G<H+:P@,)$Y
MSI(T*!B";8M/N*'..@(  Q "2%6AT.#_--J4.32 B34'B!\]; ,V9! Q&,5K
M4! W\R'6"$8XL2(((6[70O8M!A2%V!CH#""<(];OC&C_!)P&R8,&9N7@&52
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MU$=S"NAYR:<):X>)0SF5*;*2*A$O3JET\;)]OM9T]1:"%,)T+U)Q4TAQ)DB
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M& 882*=VE @8@BWV*T<P9#N- E6*S 2#856%6!ES K$"#,7#@*$?((2HF#"
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MWIA3IDA#6H4Z4$Q4T2+8( 76 W# ,>HO$66*I4,&"(R\ , $WM -&8@$="O
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MT;;2R/YT/=,D!E"X**3SH-FZ,J^ (,"8/9L0K0/ @<[S5/8;@TSH6#NXU5-
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M6C$K>:4A7LE'))F$L*6NC:<6O>I]+L,B T!2,YDY@)ED@Z;%-60RV\*(,M#
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MT90R?8@I"*D^5[!CGWQ^,@=.FQ  91$=$GHTU4E9;MFR>62() '1TE0(9()
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M'?9$YS_G 6$>;\F;/G91/"X)XRX_T(D6C'"DG+!#!RC"B^MB@*.0("^%!4D
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3P1]^\8^?_.4W__G1GWXO!00 .P$!

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>image_008.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_008.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
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M">IC&?DP5"U:PXL<[!(TA3J%,%A@BBW 91<YL!<]@N'1=37SI0U11B*9J#Y
M$@-"RRG@MB@VR>#%0 QB<",?Z6C0AQ!M& 91IT64H<J*Q-&/"<G$,@JB1WD>
M47V]N]W\[O>[:4[25;C3H58GB;\5W*"H8EFE6EFYRH7(I8L/')0^)+&%,T5B
M2+4@G@HL4!!VU \.#OR4+_\%4C7_P/2P!YFG"GLWQ ,:T7A%K&0,JE;(%X)$
MJ6))94(L>Y"B8;8@\[QF\3(!5#'@0'X&$%&R5H!6L*1RH9. K6Q/F88@9G,A
M%7P&KIZ4JQP\@PN@V,5,=L&TOLI@15JLA04N^"/B(O:YVN2D=/'G*/A!\@8Q
MX,(-,O''A>!10ZJ<1&O!J EEZ(..?90J0AIUU23>0 S-$<-M13./,4"C%A[=
MP@-QM:X>G<*EPM!E4_H*M';M@Q86D%(HE!%@:$@"7M E8Z:P*@D@3C:3=,3(
M?'/$U(),U2#B3.="9*E/WDFR<)@#JA4M@H;H],1Z,$! !'>K7\1@-Q3X)5
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MKDB>O"4099<0 ?A\7PJ!S$=\%?BEU4=]LD>!'5JF!G2FO\>!M+=HE_0[]Q1
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M#1&N:>I]NY@_7RE%^CC ;%>FSX&"J-2 ]A$=026F&'B!#LRL;MI_8!I]_Z?
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ME\X@?=)FL<4KHJY?C!!:0XL12,%\.E!O2GKEJGPWO:L5]WNOUWL\S<,ZW,-
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MN?1R!0/6$^@M%0#H<J88#E@A.]"\$\: EFQ3P0%E>#$@3&BH2&@>%1YH[(8
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MGM&LIQ="KJTP(F,4\IY(%*?8*V0'LPM?&):8QD"*2 -3@=J^\[V??#.</PD
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M?]GH#)9C\E4+#/PG3W;H9 J##>WD!#ZG< ; @YE$AV[H8%K /+08H(H2#"!
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#!  [

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>image_009.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_009.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
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M3 !^JW6PNRJ Z/$*=10=S3P,&T1/K @DL]3C&^.J0I)&= PY87'6_514FP6
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M1/14&4 ,@P#VR $&S5\KA/KBMGA*KRW 9IJ<!TJ AD*(7O2DT1@07,*-@4\
M:9H)PI94W)WEM@X\WD\T,]&<ATDH::D48$7EY3O0-,?%W84EB1CHHV^$9S&(
M!IW] 6*@9T55UU H02#50RB%YTR@%?&UNM5\@UB\**[FQ)K*,3AHYV6@)QE
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M?AR,6VOMO"UW+ *AIVP?UZM0]3$B*/@PXL2*%S-N[/@QY,B2C3J$LS7&#0!
M]$52$0 .QS /YFD!D*-KOH<<Q=S8\F9+'(LJ$D!;9$  *(.+8E@V^-+POET0
M$F8%+&/FHK4%=YV>[/PY].C2IU.O;OVZ4 #:80 (H,(  !4 #H@'P-T[>/$'
M:(8\S>[ )J[THK%[H*_*Z>0I>W\]Q4L&)BL8L1\[,NECSFF[Z*#0%@'LM)5,
M8RU"UT%\ 69@+144]-5/V'GX(8@ABC@BB24*)E(,!\0 PP$KI+BBBC$$ *-(
M*JI04UY <"6/ -$HL]L,SVS_ 8<^6L2@0@S*S0.#BW!PM5\D"^Y3BP$JK.!
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M8E(P_V FF%#//I!(O!R?Q.V?! IZS$@8 &S(3@*\3BW5&J(#)NS"-JS_F$<
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J5;7J5;&:5:UNE:M=]1KJ5\$:5K&.E:QE->M9T9I6M:Z5K6UUJ^$" @ [

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>image_012.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_012.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
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M>K].*JB,;5BJ:[^BA198JQBZ^] DCKJR:U0Q%,7L35@XZB1E:LD6U#SV9EP
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%D(   #L!

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>image_013.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
begin 644 image_013.gif
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MS#.J_S/5 #/5,S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_,S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M,V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K,V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95,V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: ,V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J,V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M,V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D ,YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK,YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5,YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M,YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ,YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5,YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  ,P ,\P 9LP F<P S,P _\PK ,PK
M,\PK9LPKF<PKS,PK_\Q5 ,Q5,\Q59LQ5F<Q5S,Q5_\R  ,R ,\R 9LR F<R
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6OF43OEA/*,,050P:YY([BNXG 0$ .P$!

end
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>